Welcome to New York Written by Taylor Swift & Ryan Tedder lyrics Walking through a crowd The village is aglow Kaleidoscope of loud Heartbeats under coats Everybody here Wanted something more Searching for a sound we hadn’t Heard before And it said Chorus Welcome to New York it’s been waiting for you Welcome to New York Welcome to New York Welcome to New York it’s been waiting for you Welcome to New York Welcome to New York it’s a new soundtrack I could dance to this beat, beat Forever more The lights are so bright But they never blind me, me Welcome to New York it’s been waiting for you Welcome to New York When we first dropped our bags on Apartment floors Took our broken hearts Put them in a drawer Everybody here was someone else Before And you can want who you want Boys and boys and Girls and girls Chorus Like any great love it keeps you Guessing Like any real love it’s ever changing Like any true love It drives you crazy But you know you wouldn’t Change anything anything Anything Chorus ©2014 (sony/atv Tree Publishing / Taylor Swift Music (bmi)), (Write Me a Song Publishing) (gmr) (Administered By Kobalt Songs Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission. Blank Space Written by Taylor Swift, Max Martin & Shellback lyrics Nice to meet you Where you been I could show you incredible things Magic, madness, heaven, sin Saw you there and I thought Oh my god Look at that face You look like my next mistake love’s a game, want to play New money, suit and tie I can read you like a magazine ain’t it funny, rumors fly And I know you heard about me So hey, let’s be friends i’m dying to see how this one ends Grab your passport and my hand I can make the bad guys good For a weekend Chorus So it’s gonna be forever Or it’s gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it’s over If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex lovers they’ll tell you i’m insane ‘Cause you know I love the players And you love the game ‘Cause we’re young and we’re reckless, we’ll take this way too far it’ll leave you breathless Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex lovers they’ll tell you i’m insane But i’ve got a blank space, baby And i’ll write your name. Cherry lips, crystal skies I could show you incredible things Stolen kisses, pretty lies you’re the king, baby i’m your queen Find out what you want Be that girl for a month Wait, the worst is yet to come Screaming, crying, perfect storms I can make all the tables turn Rose garden filled with thorns Keep you second-guessing like Oh my god Who is she I get drunk on jealousy But you’ll come back Each time you leave ‘Cause darling i’m a nightmare Dressed like a daydream Chorus Boys only want love if it’s torture don’t say I didn’t, say I didn’t warn you Boys only want love if it’s torture don’t say I didn’t, say I didn’t warn you Chorus © 2014 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi), mxm Music ab. (ascap) (All Rights Administered by Kobalt Songs Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission. Style Written by Taylor Swift, Max Martin, Shellback & Ali Payami lyrics Midnight You come and pick me up No headlights a long drive Could end in burning flames Or paradise Fade into view, oh it’s been a while since I have even Heard from you I should just tell you to leave ‘Cause I Know exactly where it leads But I Watch us go ‘round and ‘round Each time Chorus: You got that James Dean Daydream Look in your eye And I got that red lip Classic Thing that you like And when we go crashing down We come back every time ‘Cause we never go out of style We never go out of style You got that long hair slicked back White t-shirt And i got that good girl faith And a tight little skirt And when we go crashing down We come back every time ‘Cause we never go out of style We never go out of style So it goes He can’t keep his wild eyes On the road Takes me home Lights are off he’s taking Off his coat I say I heard, oh you’ve been out and about With some other girl, some other girl He says what you heard is True but I can’t stop thinking about you And I I said i’ve been there too a Few times Chorus Take me home Take me home Take me home Chorus © 2014 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi), mxm Music ab. (ascap) (All Rights Administered by Kobalt Songs Music Publishing, Inc.) & Wolf Cousins/Warner/Chappell Music Scand ab (ascap) All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission. Out Of The Woods Written by Taylor Swift & Jack Antonoff lyrics Looking at it now It all seems so simple We were lying on your couch I remember You took a Polaroid of us Then discovered The rest of the world was Black and white But we were in screaming color I remember thinking Chorus Are we out of the woods yet Are we out of the woods yet Are we out of the woods yet Are we out of the woods Are we in the clear yet Are we in the clear yet Are we in the clear yet In the clear yet, good Looking at it now Last December We were built to fall apart Then fall back together Your necklace hanging from My neck The night we couldn’t quite Forget When we decided To move the furniture so we Could dance Baby like we stood a chance Two paper airplanes flying, flying, flying And I remember thinking Chorus Remember when You hit the brakes too soon 20 stitches in a hospital Room When you started crying Baby I did too But when the sun came up I was looking at you Remember when We couldn’t take the heat I walked out I said i’m setting you free But the monsters turned out To be just trees When the sun came up You were looking at me You were looking at me Oh, you were looking at me I remember Oh, I remember Chorus Are we out of the woods Yet Are we in the clear yet Good © 2014 (sony/atv Tree Publishing / Taylor Swift Music (bmi)), (sony/atv Songs llc / (Ducky Donath Music (bmi)) All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission. All You Had To Do Was Stay Written by Taylor Swift & Max Martin lyrics People like you always want back The love they gave away People like me want to believe you When you say you’ve changed The more I think about it now The less I know All I know is that you drove us Off the road Chorus Hey All you had to do was stay Had me in the palm of your hand Then why’d you have to go and lock me out When I let you in Hey Now you say you want it back Now that it’s just too late Well, it could’ve been easy All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay Here you are now Calling me up But I don’t know what to say i’ve been picking up pieces of the mess you made People like you always want back The love they pushed aside But people like me are gone forever When you say goodbye Chorus All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay Let me remind you This was what you wanted You ended it You were all I wanted But not like this Not like this Not like this Chorus (x2) All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay © 2014 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi), mxm Music ab. (ascap) (All Rights Administered by Kobalt Songs Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission. Shake It Off Written by Taylor Swift, Max Martin & Shellback lyrics I stay out too late got nothing in my brain that’s what people say... mmm that’s what people say... mmm I go on too many dates but I can’t make them stay at least that’s what people say... mmm that’s what people say... mmm but I keep cruising can’t stop, won’t stop moving it’s like I got this music in my mind saying it’s gonna be alright chorus: ‘cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play and the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate baby i’m just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake shake it off shake it off heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break and the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake baby i’m just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake shake it off shake it off I never miss a beat i’m lightning on my feet that’s what they don’t see... mmm that’s what they don’t see... mmm i’m dancing on my own I make the moves up as I go that’s what they don’t know... mmm that’s what they don’t know... mmm but I keep cruising can’t stop, won’t stop grooving it’s like I got this music in my mind saying it’s gonna be alright chorus “hey--- just think while you’ve been gettin’ down and out about the liars and the dirty dirty cheats of the world... you could’ve been gettin’ down to this! sick! beat!” my ex man brought his new girlfriend she’s like ‘oh my god!’ but i’m just gonna shake and to the fella over there with the hella good hair won’t you come on over baby we can shake shake shake... chorus © 2014 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi), mxm Music ab. (ascap) (All Rights Administered by Kobalt Songs Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission. I Wish You Would Written by Taylor Swift & Jack Antonoff lyrics it’s 2 am In your car Windows down You pass my street The memories start You say it’s in the past You drive straight ahead you’re thinking that I hate you now ‘Cause you still don’t know What I never said Chorus I wish you would come back Wish I never hung up the phone like I did I wish you knew that i’ll never forget you as long as I live And I wish you were right here, right now it’s all good I wish you would it’s 2am in my room Headlights pass the windowpane I think of you we’re a crooked love In a straight line down Makes you want to run and hide Then it makes you turn right Back around Chorus I wish we could go back And remember what we were fighting for And I wish you knew that I miss you too much to be mad anymore And I wish you were right here, right now it’s all good I wish you would You always knew how to push my buttons You give me everything and nothing This mad, mad love makes you come running To stand back where you stood I wish you would, I wish you would 2am Here we are See your face, hear my voice In the dark we’re a crooked love In a straight line down Makes you want to run and hide But it made us turn right back around Chorus © 2014 (sony/atv Tree Publishing / t aylor Swift Music (bmi)), (sony/atv Songs llc / (Ducky Donath Music (bmi)) All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission. Bad Blood Written by Taylor Swift, Max Martin & Shellback lyrics Did you have to do this I was thinking that you could be trusted Did you have to ruin what was shiny Now it’s all rusted Did you have to hit me Where i’m weak Baby, I couldn’t breathe and Rub it in so deep Salt in the wound Like you’re laughing right at me Oh, it’s so sad to Think about the good times You and I Chorus: ‘Cause baby now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look at what you’ve done ‘Cause baby now we got bad blood Now we got problems And I don’t think we can solve them You made a really deep cut And baby now we got bad blood Did you think we’d be fine Still got scars on my back from your knife So, don’t think it’s in the past These kinds of wounds They last, and they last Now, did you think it all through All these things will catch up to you And time can heal but this won’t So if you’re coming my way Just don’t Oh it’s so sad to Think about the good times You and I Chorus Band-Aids don’t fix bullet holes You say sorry just for show If you live like that You live with ghosts Band-Aids don’t fix bullet holes You say sorry just for show If you live like that You live with ghosts If you love like that blood Runs cold Chorus © 2014 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi), mxm Music ab. (ascap) (All Rights Administered by Kobalt Songs Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission. Wildest Dreams Written by Taylor Swift, Max Martin & Shellback lyrics He said let’s get out of this town Drive out of the city Away from the crowds I thought heaven can’t help me now Nothing lasts forever But this is gonna take me down he’s so tall and handsome as hell he’s so bad but he does it so well I can see the end as it begins My one condition is Chorus Say you’ll remember me Standing in a nice dress Staring at the sunset, babe Red lips and rosy cheeks Say you’ll see me again Even if it’s just in your Wildest dreams Wildest dreams I said no one has to know what we do His hands are in my hair His clothes are in my room And his voice is a familiar sound Nothing lasts forever But this is getting good now he’s so tall and handsome as hell he’s so bad but he does it so well When we’ve had our very last kiss My last request is Chorus you’ll see me in hindsight Tangled up with you all night Burning it down Someday when you leave me I bet these memories Follow you around you’ll see me in hindsight Tangled up with you all night Burning it down Someday when you leave me I bet these memories Follow you around Chorus (x2) © 2014 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi), mxm Music ab. (ascap) (All Rights Administered by Kobalt Songs Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.How You Get The Girl Written by Taylor Swift, Max Martin & Shellbac lyrics Stand there like a ghost Shaking from the rain she’ll open up the door And say are you insane Say it’s been a long six months And you were too afraid To tell her what you want And that’s how it works that’s how you get the girl And then you say Chorus I want you for worse or for better I would wait forever and ever Broke your heart i’ll put it back together I would wait forever and ever And that’s how it works that’s how you get the girl Remind her how it used to be Pictures in frames Of kisses on cheeks Tell her how you must have lost your mind When you left her all alone And never told her why that’s how it works that’s how you lost the girl And now you say Chorus ‘Cause you know I don’t want you to go Remind me how it used to be Pictures in frames, kisses on cheeks And say you want me Chorus And that’s how it works that’s how you got the girl © 2014 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi), mxm Music ab. (ascap) (All Rights Administered by Kobalt Songs Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission. This Love Written by Taylor Swift lyrics Clear blue water High tide came and brought you in Skies grew darker Currents swept you out again In silent screams, in wildest dreams I never dreamed of this Chorus This love is good This love is bad This love is alive Back from the dead These hands had to let it go free And this love came back to me Tossing, turning Struggled through the night with someone new Lantern, burning Flickered through the night only you Through losing grip On sinking ships You showed up just in time This love is good This love is bad This love is alive Back from the dead These hands had to let it go free and This love came back to me This love left a permanent mark This love is glowing in the dark These hands had to let it go free and This love came back to me Your kiss, my cheek I watched you leave Your smile, my ghost I fell to my knees When you’re young, you just run But you come back to what you need This love is good This love is bad This love is alive Back from the dead These hands had to let it go free and This love came back to me © 2014 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi), All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission. I Know Places Written by Taylor Swift & Ryan Tedder lyrics You stand with your hand on my waistline it’s a scene and we’re out here in plain sight I can hear them whisper as we pass by it’s a bad sign, bad sign Something happens when everybody finds out See the vultures circling, dark clouds love’s a fragile little flame It could burn out, it could burn out They got the cages, they got the boxes And guns They are the hunters, we are the foxes And we run Chorus Baby I know places we won’t be found and they’ll be Chasing their tails trying to track us down Cause i, I know places we can hide I know places Lights flash And we’ll run for the fences Let them say what they want We won’t hear it Loose lips sink ships all the damn time Not this time Just grab my hand And don’t ever drop it My love They are the hunters, we are the foxes We run Chorus They are the hunters, we are the foxes We run Just grab my hand And don’t ever drop it My love Chorus They take their shots but we’re bulletproof You know for me it’s always you In the dead of night Your eyes so green I know for you it’s always me ©2014 (sony/atv Tree Publishing / Taylor Swift Music (bmi)), (Write Me a Song Publishing) (gmr) (Administered By Kobalt Songs Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission. Clean Written by Taylor Swift & Imogen Heap lyrics The drought was the very worst When the flowers that we’d grown Together died of thirst It was months and months of back and forth you’re still all over me Like a wine-stained dress I can’t wear anymore Hung my head as I lost the war And the sky turned to black like a perfect storm Chorus: The rain came pouring down When I was drowning that’s when I could finally breathe By morning Gone was any trace of you I think I am finally clean There was nothing left to do When the butterflies turned to dust That covered my whole room So I punched a hole in the roof Let the flood carry away All my pictures of you The water filled my lungs I screamed So loud but no one heard a thing Chorus Ten months sober I must admit Just because you’re clean don’t mean you don’t miss it Ten months older I won’t give in Now that i’m clean i’m never gonna risk it The drought was the very worst When the flowers that we’d grown Together died of thirst Chorus Finally Clean Think i’m finally clean Think i’m finally clean ©2014 (sony/atv Tree Publishing / Taylor Swift Music (bmi)), (Megaphonic Ltd, (prs/ascap)) All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission. Written By Taylor Swift and Jack Antonoff Hit the ground, hit the ground, hit the ground, oh oh Only sound, only sound that you hear is no You never saw it coming, sep’t when you started running And now you’ve come undone, i, i, i, I Seen you fall, Seen you crawl, on your knees, Eh, Eh Seen you lost in a crowd, Seen your colors fade Wish I could make it better, Someday you won’t remember This pain you thought would last forever and ever There you’ll stand, ten feet tall, I will say, I knew it all along Your eyes, wider than distance This life, sweeter than fiction Just a shot, just a shot, in the dark, oh oh All you got, all you got are your shattered hopes They never saw it coming, you hit the ground running And know you’re on to something, i, i, I say What a sight, what a sight when the light came on Prove me right, prove me right when you proved them wrong And in this perfect weather, it’s like we don’t remember The rain we thought would last forever and ever There you’ll stand, ten feet tall, I will say, I knew it all along Your eyes, wider than distance This life, sweeter than fiction There you’ll stand, next to me All at once, the rest is history Your eyes, wider than distance This life, sweeter than fiction i’ll be, one of the many, saying look at you now, look at you now, and now i’ll be, one of the many, saying you made us proud, you made us proud, proud i’ll be, one of the many, saying look at you now, look at you now, and now i’ll be, one of the many, saying you made us proud, you made us proud, proud And when they call your name, and they, put your picture in a frame you know that i’ll be there time and again cause I loved you when, when you Hit the ground, hit the ground, hit the ground, oh oh Only sound, only sound that you heard was no Now in this perfect weather, it’s like we don’t remember The rain we thought would last forever and ever There you’ll stand, ten feet tall, I will say, I knew it all along Your eyes, wider than distance This life, sweeter than fiction There you’ll stand, next to me All at once, the rest is history Your eyes, wider than distance This life, sweeter than fiction, sweeter than fiction Sweeter than fiction, it’s sweeter yea it’s sweeter, it’s sweeter it’s sweeter than fiction © 2013 sony/atv Tree Publishing, Taylor Swift Music & Ducky Donath Music. Used By Permission Written by Taylor Swift i’m walking fast through the traffic lights busy streets and busy lives and all we know is touch and go we are alone with our changing minds we fall in love till it hurts or bleeds or fades in time and i never saw You coming and i’ll never be the same you come around and the armor falls pierce the room like a cannonball now all we know... is don't let go we are alone just you and me up in your room, and our slates are clean just twin fire signs, four blue eyes so you were never a saint and i’ve loved in shades of wrong we learn to live with the pain mosaic broken hearts but this love is brave and wild and i never saw you coming and i’ll never be The same this is a state of grace This is the worthwhile fight love is a Ruthless game unless you play it Good and right these are the hands Of fate you're my achilles heel this is the golden age of something good and right and real and i never saw you coming and i’ll never Be the same and i never saw You coming and i’ll never be the same this is a state of grace this is the worthwhile fight love is a ruthless game unless you play it good and right © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi). All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift loving him is like driving a new maserati down a dead end street faster than the wind, passionate as sin, ending so suddenly loving him is like trying to change your mind once you're already flying through the free fall like the colors in autumn so bright just before they lose it all losing him was blue, like i’d never known missing him was dark gray, all alone forgetting him was like trying to know somebody you've never met but loving him was red loving him was red touching him was like realizing All you ever wanted was right there in front of you memorizing him was as easy as knowing all the words to your old favorite song fighting with him was like trying to solve a crossword and realizing there's no right answer regretting him was like wishing you never found out that love could be that strong losing him was blue, like i’d never known missing him was dark gray, all alone forgetting him was like trying to know somebody you never met but loving him was red, oh red, burning red remembering him comes in flashbacks and echoes tell myself it's time now gotta let go but moving on from him is impossible when i still see it all in my head…in burning red burning, it was red losing him was blue, like i’d never known missing him was dark gray, all alone forgetting him was like trying to know somebody you've never met cause loving him was red, yeah yeah red, burning red and that’s why he’s spinning around in my head comes back to me in burning red loving him is like driving a new maserati down a dead end street © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi). All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift, Dan Wilson put your lips close to mine as long as they don't touch out of focus, eye to eye till the gravity's too much and i’ll do anything you say if you say it With your hands and i’d be smart to walk away but you're quick Sand chorus This slope is treacherous this Path is reckless This slope Is treacherous and i, i, i Like it i can't decide if it's a choice getting swept away i hear the sound of my own voice asking you to stay and all we are Is skin and bone Trained to get along forever going with the flow but you're friction repeat chorus two headlights shine through the sleepless night and i will… get you a, get you alone your name has echoed through my mind and i just… think you should, think you should know that nothing safe is worth the drive and i would... follow you, follow you home i'll follow you, follow you home this hope is treacherous this daydream is dangerous this hope is treacherous i, i, i... i, i, i… i, i, i… two headlights shine through the sleepless night and i will... get you, i’ll get you alone your name has echoed through my mind and i just... think you should, think you should know that nothing safe is worth the drive and i would... follow you, follow you home i'll follow you, follow you home i'll follow you, follow you home i'll follow you, follow you home this slope is treacherous i, i, i like it © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi)/ Chrysalis Music/ Sugar Lake Music (ascap). All rights administered by Chrysalis Music Group, Inc., a bmg Chrysalis Company. All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift, Max Martin, Shellback once upon a time, a few mistakes ago i was in your sights, you got me alone You found me, you found me, you found me… i guess you didn't care and i guess i liked that and i When i fell hard, you took a step back without Me, without me, without me… and he's long gone when he's next to me and i realize the blame is on me, cause chorus i knew you were trouble when you walked in so shame on me Now flew me to places i’d never been till you put me down oh I knew you were trouble when you walked in so shame on me now flew me to places i’d never been now i’m lying on the cold hard ground oh oh trouble, trouble, trouble oh oh trouble, trouble, trouble no apologies, he'll never see you cry pretends he doesn't know that he's the reason why you're drowning, you’re drowning, you’re drowning… and i heard you moved on from whispers on the street a new notch in your belt is all i’ll ever be and now i see, now i see, now i see… he was long gone when he met me and i realize the joke is on me hey! repeat chorus and the saddest fear comes creeping in that you never loved me or her...or anyone...or anything yeah repeat chorus i knew you were trouble when you walked in trouble, trouble, trouble i knew you were trouble when you walked in trouble, trouble, trouble © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi)/ mxm. Administered by Kobalt (ascap). All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift, Liz Rose i walked through the door with you the air was cold but something About it felt like home somehow and i left my scarf there at your sister's house and you've still got it in your drawer even now oh your sweet disposition and my wide-eyed gaze we're singing in the car, getting lost upstate autumn Leaves falling down like pieces into place and i can picture it after all these days and i know it's long gone and That magic's not here no more and i might be okay but i’m not fine at all... cause there we are again on that little town street you almost ran the red cause you were lookin’ over at me wind in my hair, i was there i remember it all too well photo album on the counter your cheeks were turning red you used to be a little kid with glasses in a twin sized bed and your mother's telling stories about you on the tee ball team you taught me about your past thinking your future was me and i know it's long gone and there was nothing else i could do and i forget about you long enough to forget why i needed to... cause there we are again in the middle of the night we're dancing round the kitchen in the refrigerator light down the stairs, i was there i remember it all too well well maybe we got lost in translation maybe i asked for too much but maybe this thing was a masterpiece till you tore it all up running scared, i was there i remember it all too well and you call me up again just to break me like a promise so casually cruel in the name of being honest i'm a crumpled up piece of paper lying here cause i remember it all, all, all...too well time won't fly, it's like i’m paralyzed by it i'd like to be my old self again but i’m still trying to find it after plaid shirt days and nights when you made me your own now you mail back my things and i walk home alone but you keep my old scarf from that very first week cause it reminds you of innocence and it smells like me you can't get rid of it cause you remember it all too well cause there we are again when i loved you so back before you lost the one real thing you've ever known it was rare, i was there, i remember it all too well wind in my hair, you were there, you remember it all down the stairs, you were there, you remember it all it was rare, i was there, i remember it all too well © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi)/ Liz Rose Music (bmi). All rights administered by Songs of Kobalt Music Publishing. All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift, Max Martin, Shellback it feels like a perfect night to dress up like Hipsters and make fun of our exes it feels Like a perfect night for breakfast at midnight to fall in love with strangers ah, ah. ah, ah. Yeah we're happy, free, confused and lonely at the same time it’s miserable and magical, oh yeah tonight’s the night when we forget About the deadlines, its time chorus i don't know about you but i’m feeling 22 everything will be alright if you keep me next to you you don't know about me but i’ll bet you want to everything will be alright if we just keep dancing Like we're...22, 22 it seems like one of those nights this place Is too crowded too many cool kids ah, ah. ah, ah. it seems like one of those nights we ditch the whole scene and end up dreaming instead of Sleeping, yeah... we're happy, free, confused and Lonely in the best way it’s miserable and magical, oh yeah tonight’s the night when we forget about the heartbreaks, its time repeat chorus i don’t know about you 22, 22 it feels like one of those nights we ditch the whole scene it feels like one of those nights we won't be sleeping it feels like one of those nights you look like bad news i gotta have you i gotta have you repeat chorus 22, 22 it feels like one of those nights we ditch the whole scene it feels like one of those nights we won't be sleeping it feels like one of those nights you look like bad news i gotta have you i gotta have you © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi)/ mxm. Administered by Kobalt (ascap). All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift i bet this time of night you're still up i bet you're tired from a long hard Week i bet you're sittin’ in your chair by The window looking out at the city and i bet sometimes you wonder about me chorus and i just want to tell you it takes everything in me not to call you and i wish I could run to you and i hope you know that every time i don't, i almost do I almost do i bet you think i either moved on or hate you cause each Time you reach out, there's no reply i bet it never, ever occurred to you that i can't say hello to you and risk another goodbye repeat chorus we made quite a mess, babe it's probably better Off this way and i confess baby in my dreams you're touching my face and asking me if i’d want to try again with you and i almost do repeat chorus i bet this time of night you're still up i bet you're tired from a Long hard week I bet you're sittin’ in your chair by the window looking out at the city and i hope sometimes you wonder about me © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi). All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift, Max Martin, Shellback i remember When we broke up the first time saying "this is it, i've had enough" cause like we hadn't seen each Other in a month when you said you needed space... what? then you come around again and say "baby, i miss you and i swear i'm gonna change. trust me." remember how that lasted for a day? i say "i hate you," we break up, you call me... i love you. ooh, we called it off again last night but ooh, this time i'm telling you, i'm telling you... chorus we are never ever ever... getting back together we Are never ever ever... getting back together you go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me but we are never ever ever ever... Getting back together like, ever. i'm really gonna miss you picking fights and me falling for it, screaming that i'm right and you Would Hide Away and find your peace of mind with some indie record that's much cooler than mine ooh, You called me up again tonight but ooh, This time, i'm telling you, i'm telling you repeat chorus i used to think that we were forever, ever and i Used to say "never say never..." spoken: (sigh)... so He calls me up, and he's like, "i still love you," and i'm like, i mean this is exhausting. you know, like we are never getting back together. like, ever. repeat chorus we, ooh... getting back together we, ooh... getting back together you go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me but we are never ever ever ever... getting back together © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi)/ mxm. Administered by Kobalt (ascap). All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift i'm pretty sure we almost broke up last night i threw my phone across the room at you i was expecting some Dramatic turn Away but You… stayed this morning i said we should talk about it cause i read you should never leave a fight unresolved that's when you came In wearing a football helmet and said "ok, let's talk" and i said chorus stay stay stay i've been loving you for quite some time time time you think that it's funny when i’m mad mad mad But i think that it's best if we both stay before you i’d only dated self indulgent takers who took all of their problems out on me but you carry my groceries and now i’m always Laughing and i love you because you have given me…no choice but to repeat chorus stay stay you took the time to memorize me my fears my hopes and dreams i just like hanging out with you all the time all those times that you didn't leave it's been occurring to me i'd like to hang out with you for my whole life stay... and i'll be loving you for quite some time no one else is gonna love me when i get mad, mad, mad so i think that it's best if we both stay stay, stay, stay, stay, stay repeat chorus stay, stay, stay, stay, stay repeat chorus © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi). All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift, Gary Lightbody, Jacknife Lee i find myself At your door just like all those times before i'm Not sure how i got there all roads, they lead me here i imagine you are home in your Room, all alone and you open your eyes into mine and everything feels Better and Right before your eyes i'm breaking no past, no reasons why just you and me… chorus this is the last time i’m asking you this put my name at the top of your list this is the last time i’m asking you why you break my heart in the blink of an eye you find yourself at my door just like all those times before you wear your best apology but i was there to watch you leave and all the times i let you in just for you to go again disappear when you come back everything is better and right before your eyes, i’m aching no past, nowhere to hide just you and me... repeat chorus this is the last time you tell me i’ve got it wrong this is the last time i say, “it’s been you all along” this is the last time i let you in my door this is the last time i won't hurt you anymore repeat chorus oh oh oh oh repeat chorus this is the last time i’m asking you, last time i’m asking you, last time i’m asking you this this is the last time i’m asking you, last time i’m asking you, last time i’m asking you this this is the last time i’m asking you, last time i’m asking you, last time i’m asking you this this is the last time i’m asking you, last time i’m asking you, last time i’m asking you this © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi)/ Polar Songs Ltd/ Universal Music Publishing Ltd/ Besme/ Big Life Music. All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift i Was reminiscing just the other day while having coffee all alone and lord it took me away back to a first glance feeling on new york time back when you fit my poems like a perfect rhyme took off faster than a green light, go yeah you skip the Conversation when you Already know i left a note on the door with a joke we'd Made and that was the first day and darling it was good never looking down and right there where we Stood was Holy ground spinning like girl in a brand new dress we had this big wide city all to ourselves We block the noise with the sound of “i need you” and for the first time i had Something to lose and i guess we fell apart in the usual way and the story's got Dust on every page but sometimes i wonder how you think about it now and i see your face in every crowd cause darling it was good never looking down and right there where we stood was holy ground tonight i’m gonna dance for all that we've been through but i don't want to dance if i’m not dancing with you tonight i’m gonna dance like you were in this room but i don't want to dance if i’m not dancing with you it was good never looking down and right there where we stood was holy ground tonight i’m gonna dance for all that we've been through but i don't want to dance if i’m not dancing with you tonight i’m gonna dance like you were in this room but i don't want to dance if i’m not dancing with you © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi). All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift long handwritten note, deep in your pocket words, How little they mean when you're a little too late I stood right by the tracks, your face in a Locket good girls, hopeful they'll be and long they will wait chorus we had... a beautiful, magic love there What a sad... beautiful, tragic love affair in dreams, i meet you in warm conversation we both wake in lonely beds, differentcities and time is taking its sweet time erasing you And you've got your demons and darling they all look like me, cause repeat chorus distance, timing, breakdown, fighting silence, the train runs off its tracks kiss me, try to fix it could you just try to listen? hang up, give up and for the life of us we can't get back... a beautiful magic love there what a sad... beautiful, tragic, beautiful, tragic beautiful... repeat chorus repeat chorus © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi). All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift new to town with a made up name in the angel's city chasing fortune and fame and the camera flashes make it look like a dream you had it figured out since you were in school everybody Loves pretty, everybody loves cool so overnight, you look like a 60s queen another name goes up in lights like Diamonds in the sky... chorus and they'll tell You now you're the Lucky one yeah, they'll tell you now you're the lucky one but can you tell me now you're the lucky one oh, oh, oh... now it's big black cars and riviera views and your lover in the foyer doesn't even know you and your secrets end up splashed on the news front page and they tell you that you're lucky but you're so confused cause you don't feel pretty, you just feel used and all the young things line up to take your place another name goes up in lights you Wonder if you'll make it out alive repeat chorus it was a few years later i showed up here and they still tell the legend of how you disappeared how you took the money and your dignity and got the hell out they say you bought a bunch of land somewhere chose the rose garden over madison square and it took some time, but i understand it now... cause now my name is up in lights but i think you got it right let me tell you now you're the lucky one let me tell you now you're the lucky one let me tell you now you're the lucky one oh, oh, oh... repeat chorus © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi). All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift, Ed Sheeran all i knew this morning when i woke is i know something now, know something now i didn’t before and all i’ve seen since 18 hours ago is green eyes and freckles and your smile in the back of my mind making me feel like i just want to know you better, know You better, know you better now I just want to know you better, know you better, know you better now I just want to know you better, know you better, know you better now i just want to know you, know you, know you... chorus cause all i know is we said hello and your eyes look like coming home all i know is a simple name everything has changed all i know is you held the door you'll be mine and i’ll be yours all i know since yesterday is everything has changed and all my walls stood tall, painted blue i'll take ‘em down, take ‘em down and open up the door for you and all i feel in my stomach is butterflies, the beautiful kind makin’ up for lost time, takin’ flight making me feel like i just want to know you better, know you better, know you better now i just want to know you better, know you better, know you better now i just want to know you better, know you better, know you better now i just want to know you, know you, know you... repeat chorus come back and tell me why i'm feeling like i’ve missed you all this time and meet me there tonight let me know that it's not all in my mind i just want to know you better, know you better, know you better now i just want to know you, know you, know you... repeat chorus all i know is we said hello so dust off your highest hopes all i know is pouring rain and everything has changed all i know is a new found grace all my days i’ll know your face all i know since yesterday is everything has changed © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi)/ sony/atv Music Publishing llc/ sony/atv Music Publishing (uk) Limited (prs). All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift i said oh my, what a marvelous tune it was the best night never would Forget how he moved the whole place was dressed to the nines and we were dancing, dancing like we're made of starlight i met bobby on the boardwalk summer of '45 picked me up late one night out the window we were seventeen and crazy, running wild wild can't remember what song it was playing when we walked in the night we snuck into a yacht club party, pretending to be a duchess and a prince and i said oh my, what a marvelous tune it was the best night never would forget how he moved the whole place was dressed to the nines and we were dancing, dancing like we're made of starlight, starlight like we're made of starlight, starlight he said, “look at you, worrying too much about things you can't change. you'll spend your whole life singing the blues if you keep thinking that way.” he was trying to skip rocks on the ocean, saying to me “don't you see the starlight, starlight? don't you dream impossible things?” like oh my, what a marvelous tune it was the best night never would forget how he moved the whole place was dressed to the nines and we were dancing, dancing like we're made of starlight, starlight like we're made of starlight, starlight ooh ooh, he's talking crazy ooh ooh, dancing with me ooh ooh, we could get married have ten kids and teach them how to dream oh my, what a marvelous tune it was the best night never would forget how he moved the whole place was dressed to the nines and we were dancing, dancing like we're made of starlight, starlight like we're made of starlight, starlight like we're made of starlight, starlight like we dream impossible dreams like starlight, starlight like we dream impossible dreams don’t you see the starlight, starlight? don't you dream impossible things? © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi). All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift took a deep breath in the mirror he didn't like It when i Wore high heels but i do turn the lock And put my headphones on he always said he didn't get this song but i do, i do walked in expecting you'd be late but you got here early and you stand and wave i walk to you you pull my chair out and help me in and you don't know how nice that is but i do chorus and you throw your head back Laughing like a little kid i think it's Strange that you think i’m funny cause he never did i've been spending the last 8 months thinking all love ever does is break and burn and end but on a Wednesday in a cafe i watched it begin again you said you never met one girl who had as many james taylor records as you but i do we tell stories and you don't know why i'm coming off a little shy but i do repeat chorus and we walked down the block, to my car and i almost brought him up but you start to talk about the movies that your family watches every single christmas and i want to talk about that and for the first time what's past is past repeat chorus but on a wednesday in a cafe i watched it begin again © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi). All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift You should've been there. should've burst through the door With that "baby i'm right here" smile And it would've felt like a million little shining stars had just aligned And I would've been so happy. Christmas lights glisten i've got my eye on the door Just waiting for you to walk in But the time is ticking People ask me how i've been As I comb back through my memory How you said you'd be here You said you'd be here.. And it was like slow motion. Standing there in my party dress In red lipstick, with no one to impress And they're all laughing As i'm looking around the room But there was one thing missing And that was the moment I knew And the hours pass by. Now I just want to be alone But your close friends always seem to know When there's something really wrong So they follow me down the hall And there in the bathroom I try not to fall apart And the sinking feeling starts As I say hopelessly He said he'd be here.. And it was like slow motion. Standing there in my party dress In red lipstick, with no one to impress And they're all laughing And asking me about you But there was one thing missing And that was the moment I knew What do you say when tears are streaming down your face In front of everyone you know And what do you do when the one who means the most to you Is the one who didn't show.. You should've been here And I would've been so.. happy And it was like slow motion. Standing there in my party dress In red lipstick, with no one to impress And they're all standing around me singing Happy birthday to you But there was one thing missing And that was the moment I knew You called me later And said "i'm sorry I didn't make it" And I said "i'm sorry too." And that was the moment I knew. © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing & Taylor Swift Music. Used By Permission Written by Taylor Swift & Dan Wilson You said it in a simple way 4am, the second day How strange that I don't know you at all Stumbled through the long goodbye One last kiss, then catch your flight Right when I was just about to fall I told myself don't get attached But in my mind I play it back Spinning faster than the plane that took you This is when the feeling sinks in I don't want to miss you like this Come back...be here Come back...be here I guess you're in New York today And I don't want to need you this way. Come back... be here Come back...be here The delicate beginning rush The feeling you can know so much Without knowing anything at all Now that I can't put this down If I had known what I know now I never would've played so nonchalant Taxi cabs and busy streets That never bring you back to me I can't help but wish you took me with you. This is when the feeling sinks in I don't want to miss you like this Come back...be here Come back...be here I guess you're in London today And I don't want to need you this way. Come back... be here Come back...be here This is falling in love in the cruelest way This is falling for you when you are worlds away... In New York... Be here. But you're in..london and I break down Cause it's not fair that you're not around. This is when the feeling sinks in I don't want to miss you like this Come back...be here Come back...be here I guess you're in New York today And I don't want to need you this way. Come back... be here Come back...be here © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/Taylor Swift music/bmg Monarch (ascap) / Sugar Lake Music (ascap). All Rights Administered by bmg Rights Management (us) llc. Used By Permission Written by Taylor Swift don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that I don't even know her But I feel a responsibility to do what's upstanding and right it's kinda like a code, yeah And you've been getting closer and closer And crossing so many lines And it would be a fine proposition If I was a stupid girl But honey I am no one's exception This I have previously learned. So don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that I see you turn off your phone Now you've got me alone, and I say don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that I just want to make sure You understand perfectly you're the kind of man who makes me sad While she waits up, you chase down the newest thing And take for granted what you have And it would be a fine proposition If I was a stupid girl And yeah, I might go with it If I hadn't once been just like her. chorus Call a cab, lose my number you're about to lose your girl Call a cab, lose my number let's consider this lesson learned don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that Wanna see you pick up your phone And tell her you're coming home don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that don't look at me, you got a girl at home And everybody knows that, everybody knows that It would be a fine proposition If I hadn't once been just like her. © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing & Taylor Swift Music. Used By permissionwritten by Taylor Swift, Dan Wilson put your lips close to mine as long as they don't touch out of focus, eye to eye till the gravity's too much and i’ll do anything you say if you say it With your hands and i’d be smart to walk away but you're quick Sand chorus This slope is treacherous this Path is reckless This slope Is treacherous and i, i, i Like it i can't decide if it's a choice getting swept away i hear the sound of my own voice asking you to stay and all we are Is skin and bone Trained to get along forever going with the flow but you're friction repeat chorus two headlights shine through the sleepless night and i will… get you a, get you alone your name has echoed through my mind and i just… think you should, think you should know that nothing safe is worth the drive and i would... follow you, follow you home i'll follow you, follow you home this hope is treacherous this daydream is dangerous this hope is treacherous i, i, i... i, i, i… i, i, i… two headlights shine through the sleepless night and i will... get you, i’ll get you alone your name has echoed through my mind and i just... think you should, think you should know that nothing safe is worth the drive and i would... follow you, follow you home i'll follow you, follow you home i'll follow you, follow you home i'll follow you, follow you home this slope is treacherous i, i, i like it © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi)/ Chrysalis Music/ Sugar Lake Music (ascap). All rights administered by Chrysalis Music Group, Inc., a bmg Chrysalis Company. All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift loving him is like driving a new maserati down a dead end street faster than the wind, passionate as sin, ending so suddenly loving him is like trying to change your mind once you're already flying through the free fall like the colors in autumn so bright just before they lose it all losing him was blue, like i’d never known missing him was dark gray, all alone forgetting him was like trying to know somebody you've never met but loving him was red loving him was red touching him was like realizing All you ever wanted was right there in front of you memorizing him was as easy as knowing all the words to your old favorite song fighting with him was like trying to solve a crossword and realizing there's no right answer regretting him was like wishing you never found out that love could be that strong losing him was blue, like i’d never known missing him was dark gray, all alone forgetting him was like trying to know somebody you never met but loving him was red, oh red, burning red remembering him comes in flashbacks and echoes tell myself it's time now gotta let go but moving on from him is impossible when i still see it all in my head…in burning red burning, it was red losing him was blue, like i’d never known missing him was dark gray, all alone forgetting him was like trying to know somebody you've never met cause loving him was red, yeah yeah red, burning red and that’s why he’s spinning around in my head comes back to me in burning red loving him is like driving a new maserati down a dead end street © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi). All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift i’m walking fast through the traffic lights busy streets and busy lives and all we know is touch and go we are alone with our changing minds we fall in love till it hurts or bleeds or fades in time and i never saw You coming and i’ll never be the same you come around and the armor falls pierce the room like a cannonball now all we know... is don't let go we are alone just you and me up in your room, and our slates are clean just twin fire signs, four blue eyes so you were never a saint and i’ve loved in shades of wrong we learn to live with the pain mosaic broken hearts but this love is brave and wild and i never saw you coming and i’ll never be The same this is a state of grace This is the worthwhile fight love is a Ruthless game unless you play it Good and right these are the hands Of fate you're my achilles heel this is the golden age of something good and right and real and i never saw you coming and i’ll never Be the same and i never saw You coming and i’ll never be the same this is a state of grace this is the worthwhile fight love is a ruthless game unless you play it good and right © 2012 sony/atv Tree Publishing/ Taylor Swift Music (bmi). All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.Written by Taylor Swift, Joy Williams, John Paul White, T-Bone Burnett I remember tears streaming down your face When I said, "i'll never let you go" When all those shadows almost killed your light I remember you said, "don't leave me here alone" But all that's dead and gone and passed tonight Just close your eyes The sun is going down you'll be alright No one can hurt you now Come morning light You and i'll be safe and sound don't you dare look out your window darling everything's on fire The war outside our door keeps raging on Hold onto this lullaby Even when the music's gone Gone Just close your eyes The sun is going down you'll be alright No one can hurt you now Come morning light You and i'll be safe and sound Oooh, Oooh, Oooh, Oooh La La (La La) La La (La La) Oooh, Oooh, Oooh, Oooh La La (La La) Just close your eyes you'll be alright Come morning light, You and i'll be safe and sound... Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh oh ohwritten by Taylor Swift everybody's waiting everybody's watching Even when you're sleeping Keep your ey-eyes open The tricky thing Is yesterday we were just children Playing soldiers Just pretending Dreaming dreams with happy endings In backyards, winning battles with our wooden swords But now we've stepped into a cruel world Where everybody stands and keeps score Keep your eyes open everybody's waiting for you to breakdown everybody's watching to see the fallout Even when you're sleeping, sleeping Keep your ey-eyes open Keep your ey-eyes open Keep your ey-eyes open So here you are, two steps ahead and staying on guard Every lesson forms a new scar They never thought you'd make it this far But turn around, oh they've surrounded you it's a showdown, and nobody comes to save you now But you've got something they don't Yeah you've got something they don't you've just gotta keep your eyes open everybody's waiting for you to breakdown everybody's watching to see the fallout Even when you're sleeping, sleeping Keep your ey-eyes open Keep your ey-eyes open Keep your ey-eyes Keep your feet ready Heartbeat steady Keep your eyes open Keep your aim locked The night goes dark Keep your eyes open everybody's waiting for you to breakdown everybody's watching to see the fallout Even when you're sleeping, sleeping Keep your eyes open Keep your eyes open Keep your eyes open Keep your eyes openwritten by Taylor Swift The way you move is like a full on rainstorm And i'm a house of cards you're the kind of reckless That should send me runnin' But I kinda know that I won't get far And you stood there in front of me Just close enough to touch Close enough to hope you couldn't see What I was thinking of Drop everything now Meet me in the pouring rain Kiss me on the sidewalk Take away the pain 'cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile Get me with those green eyes, baby, as the lights go down Give me something that'll haunt me when you're not around 'cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile My mind forgets to remind me you're a bad idea You touch me once and it's really something, You find i'm even better than you imagined I would be. i'm on my guard for the rest of the world But with you I know it's no good And I could wait patiently but I really wish you would... Drop everything now Meet me in the pouring rain Kiss me on the sidewalk Take away the pain 'cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile Get me with those green eyes, baby, as the lights go down Give me something that'll haunt me when you're not around 'cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile I run my fingers through your hair and watch the lights go wild. Just keep on keeping your eyes on me, it's just wrong enough to make it feel right. Lead me up the staircase won't you whisper soft and slow? i'm captivated by you, baby, like a firework show. Drop everything now, Meet me in the pouring rain, Kiss me on the sidewalk, Take away the pain 'cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile. Get me with those green eyes, baby, as the lights go down Give me something that'll haunt me when you're not around 'cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile The sparks fly... Oh, baby, smile... The sparks fly...written by Taylor Swift You were in college working part time waiting tables Left a small town, never looked back I was a flight risk with a fear of falling Wondering why we bother with love if it never lasts I say can you believe it? As we're lying on the couch The moment I could see it Yes, yes, I can see it now Do you remember we were sitting there by the water? You put your arm around me for the first time You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best thing that's ever been mine Flash forward and we're taking on the world together And there's a drawer of my things at your place You learn my secrets and you figure out why i'm guarded You say we'll never make my parents' mistakes But we got bills to pay We got nothing figured out When it was hard to take Yes, yes, this is what I thought about Do you remember we were sitting there by the water? You put your arm around me for the first time You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best thing that's ever been mine Do you remember all the city lights on the water? You saw me start to believe for the first time You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best thing that's ever been mine And I remember that fight, 2:30 a.m. As everything was slipping right out of our hands I ran out crying and you followed me out into the street Braced myself for the goodbye 'Cause that's all i've ever known Then you took me by surprise You said i'll never leave you alone You said I remember how we felt sitting by the water And every time I look at you, it's like the first time I fell in love with a careless man's careful daughter She is the best thing that's ever been mine Hold on, make it last Hold on, never turn back You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best thing that's ever been mine Do you believe it? we're gonna make it now I can see it I can see it nowwritten by Taylor Swift I used to think one day we'd tell the story of us, How we met and the sparks flew instantly, People would say, "they're the lucky ones." I used to know my place was a spot next to you, Now i'm searching the room for an empty seat, 'Cause lately I don't even know what page you're on. Oh, a simple complication, Miscommunications lead to fall-out. So many things that I wish you knew, So many walls that I can't break through. [Chorus:] Now i'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking, And i'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now. Next chapter. how'd we end up this way? See me nervously pulling at my clothes and trying to look busy, And you're doing your best to avoid me. i'm starting to think one day i'll tell the story of us, How I was losing my mind when I saw you here, But you held your pride like you should've held me. Oh, i'm scared to see the ending, Why are we pretending this is nothing? i'd tell you I miss you but I don't know how, i've never heard silence quite this loud. [Chorus:] Now i'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking, And i'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now. This is looking like a contest, Of who can act like they care less, But I liked it better when you were on my side. The battle's in your hands now, But I would lay my armor down If you said you'd rather love than fight. So many things that you wished I knew, But the story of us might be ending soon. [Chorus:] Now i'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking, And i'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now, now, now. And we're not speaking, And i'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate 'cause we're going down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now. The end.written by Taylor Swift You, with your words like knives and swords and weapons that you use against me You have knocked me off my feet again got me feeling like i'm nothing You, with your voice like nails on a chalkboard, calling me out when i'm wounded You, pickin' on the weaker man Well, you can take me down with just one single blow But you don't know what you don't know Someday i'll be living in a big old city And all you're ever gonna be is mean Someday i'll be big enough so you can't hit me And all you're ever gonna be is mean Why you gotta be so mean? You, with your switching sides and your walk-by lies and your humiliation You, have pointed out my flaws again as if I don't already see them i'll walk with my head down trying to block you out 'cause i'll never impress you I just wanna feel okay again i'll bet you got pushed around, somebody made you cold But the cycle ends right now 'cause you can't lead me down that road And you don't know what you don't know Someday i'll be living in a big old city And all you're ever gonna be is mean Someday i'll be big enough so you can't hit me And all you're ever gonna be is mean Why you gotta be so mean? And I can see you years from now in a bar, talking over a football game With that same big loud opinion but nobody's listening Washed up and ranting about the same old bitter things Drunk and grumbling on about how I can't sing But all you are is mean All you are is mean and a liar and pathetic and alone in life And mean, and mean, and mean, and mean But someday i'll be living in a big old city And all you're ever gonna be is mean, yeah Someday, i'll be big enough so you can't hit me And all you're ever gonna be is mean Why you gotta be so mean? Someday, i'll be, living in a big old city (Why you gotta be so mean?) And all you're ever gonna be is mean (Why you gotta be so mean?) Someday, i'll be big enough so you can't hit me (Why you gotta be so mean?) And all you're ever gonna be is mean Why you gotta be so mean?written by Taylor Swift Elevator buttons and morning air Strangers' silence makes me want to take the stairs If you were here we'd laugh about their vacant stares But right now my time is theirs Seems like there's always someone who disapproves they'll judge it like they know about me and you And the verdict comes from those with nothing else to do The jury's out, my choice is you So don't you worry your pretty little mind People throw rocks at things that shine And life makes love look hard The stakes are high, the water's rough But this love is ours You never know what people have up their sleeves Ghosts from your past gonna jump out at me Lurking in the shadows with their lip gloss smiles But I don't care 'cause right now you're mine And you'll say don't you worry your pretty little mind People throw rocks at things that shine And life makes love look hard The stakes are high, the water's rough But this love is ours And it's not theirs to speculate If it's wrong and Your hands are tough But they are where mine belong and i'll fight their doubt and give you faith With this song for you 'Cause I love the gap between your teeth And I love the riddles that you speak And any snide remarks from my father about your tattoos will be ignored 'Cause my heart is yours So don't you worry your pretty little mind People throw rocks at things that shine And life makes love look hard don't you worry your pretty little mind People throw rocks at things that shine But they can't take what's ours They can't take what's ours The stakes are high, the water's rough But this love is ourswritten by Taylor Swift "Now go stand in the corner and think about what you did" Ha! Time for a little revenge The story starts when it was hot and it was summer and... I had it all, I had him right where I wanted him She came along, got him alone and let's hear the applause She took him faster than you could say "sabotage" I never saw it coming, wouldn't have suspected it I underestimated just who I was dealing with She had to know the pain was beating on me like a drum She underestimated just who she was stealing from she's not a saint And she's not what you think she's an actress, whoa she's better known For the things that she does On the mattress, whoa Soon she's gonna find Stealing other people's toys On the playground won't Make you many friends She should keep in mind She should keep in mind There is nothing I do better than revenge She looks at life like it's a party and she's on the list She looks at me like i'm a trend and she's so over it I think her ever-present frown is a little troubling And she thinks i'm psycho 'cause I like to rhyme her name with things But sophistication isn't what you wear or who you know Or pushing people down it gets you where you wanna go They wouldn't teach you that in prep school so it's up to me But no amount of vintage dresses gives you dignity she's not a saint And she's not what you think she's an actress, whoa she's better known For the things that she does On the mattress, whoa Soon she's gonna find Stealing other people's toys On the playground won't Make you many friends She should keep in mind She should keep in mind There is nothing I do better than revenge i'm just another thing for you To roll your eyes at, honey You might have him but haven't you heard i'm just another thing for you To roll your eyes at, honey You might have him but I always get the last word Whoa she's not a saint And she's not what you think she's an actress, whoa she's better known For the things that she does On the mattress, whoa Soon she's gonna find Stealing other people's toys On the playground won't Make you many friends She should keep in mind She should keep in mind There is nothing I do better than revenge Do you still feel like you know what you're doing? 'Cause I don't think you do. Oh. Do you still feel like you know what you're doing? I don't think you do I don't think you do let's hear the applause Come on show me how much better you are (so much better, yeah) So you deserve some applause 'cause you're so much better She took him faster than you could say "sabotage"written by Taylor Swift I am not the kind of girl Who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion But you are not the kind of boy Who should be marrying the wrong girl I sneak in and see your friends And her snotty little family all dressed in pastel And she is yelling at a bridesmaid Somewhere back inside a room Wearing a gown shaped like a pastry This is surely not what you thought it would be I lose myself in a daydream Where I stand and say [Chorus:] don’t say "Yes", run away now i’ll meet you when you’re out of the church at the back door don’t wait or say a single vow You need to hear me out And they said, "Speak now" Fond gestures are exchanged And the organ starts to play a song that sounds like a death march And I am hiding in the curtains It seems that I was uninvited by your lovely bride-to-be She floats down the aisle like a pageant queen But I know you wish it was me, You wish it was me, don’t you? [Chorus:] don’t say "Yes", run away now, i’ll meet you when you’re out of the church at the back door. don’t wait or say a single vow, You need to hear me out, And they said, "Speak now". don’t say "Yes", run away now, i’ll meet you when you’re out of the church at the back door. don’t wait or say a single vow, Your time is running out, And they said, "Speak now". Oh, la, la Oh, oh Say a single vow I hear the preacher say, "Speak now or forever hold your peace" there’s the silence, there’s my last chance. I stand up with shaky hands, all eyes on me. Horrified looks from everyone in the room But i’m only looking at you. I am not the kind of girl Who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion But you are not the kind of boy Who should be marrying the wrong girl [Chorus:] So, don’t say "Yes", run away now, i’ll meet you when you’re out of the church at the back door. don’t wait or say a single vow, You need to hear me out, And they said, "Speak now". And you’ll say "let’s run away now, i’ll meet you when i’m out of my tux at the back door. Baby, I didn’t say my vows, So glad you were around When they said, "Speak now".written by Taylor Swift I still remember the look on your face Lit through the darkness at 1:58 The words that you whispered For just us to know You told me you loved me So why did you go away? Away I do recall now the smell of the rain Fresh on the pavement I ran off the plane That July 9th The beat of your heart It jumps through your shirt I can still feel your arms But now i'll go sit on the floor Wearing your clothes All that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss I never thought we'd have a last kiss Never imagined we'd end like this Your name, forever the name on my lips I do remember the swing of your step The life of the party, you're showing off again And I roll my eyes and then You pull me in i'm not much for dancing But for you I did Because I love your handshake, meeting my father I love how you walk with your hands in your pockets How you kissed me when I was in the middle of saying something there's not a day I don't miss those rude interruptions And i'll go sit on the floor Wearing your clothes All that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss Never thought we'd have a last kiss Never imagined we'd end like this Your name, forever the name on my lips So i'll watch your life in pictures like I used to watch you sleep And I feel you forget me like I used to feel you breathe And I keep up with our old friends just to ask them how you are Hope it's nice where you are And I hope the sun shines And it's a beautiful day And something reminds you You wish you had stayed You can plan for a change in weather and time But I never planned on you changing your mind So i'll go sit on the floor Wearing your clothes All that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss Never thought we'd have a last kiss Never imagined we'd end like this Your name, forever the name on my lips Just like our last kiss Forever the name on my lips Forever the name on my lips Just like our last...written by Colin/Hotchkiss/Monahan/Stafford/Underwood Now he’s back in the atmosphere With drops of Jupiter in his hair, hey, hey She acts like summer and walks like rain Reminds me that there’s time to change, hey, hey Since his return from his stay on the moon He listens like spring and she talks like June, hey, hey Tell me did you sail across the sun Did you make it to the Milky Way to see the lights all fadeing And that heaven is overrated Tell me, did you fall for a shooting star One without a permanent scar And did you miss me while you were looking for yourself out there Now that he’s back from that soul vacation Chasing his way through the constellation, hey, hey He checks out Mozart while he does tae-bo Reminds me that there’s room to grow, hey, hey Now the’s back in the atmosphere i’m afraid that he might think of me as plain ol’ Jane Told a story about a man who is too afraid to fly so he never did land Tell me did the wind sweep you off your feet Did you finally get the chance to dance alone in the light of day And head back to the Milky Way And tell me, did Venus blow your mind Was it everything you wanted to find Did you miss me while you were looking for yourself out there Can you imagine no love, pride, deep-fried chicken Your best friend always sticking up for you even when I know you’re wrong Can you imagine no first dance, freeze dried romance five-hour phone conversation The best soy latte that you ever had, and me Tell me did the wind sweep you off your feet Did you finally get the chance to dance alone in the light of day And head back toward the Milky Way Tell me, did you fall for a shooting star One without a permanent scar And did you miss me while you were looking for yourself out there Can you imagine no love, pride, deep-fried chicken Your best friend always sticking up for you even when I know you’re wrong Can you imagine no first dance, freeze dried romance five-hour phone conversation The best soy latte that you ever had, and mewritten by Taylor Swift Long were the nights when My days once revolved around you Counting my footsteps Praying the floor won’t fall through, again My mother accused me of losing my mind But I swore I was fine You paint me a blue sky And go back and turn it to rain And I lived in your chess game But you changed the rules everyday Wonderin’ which version of you I might get on the phone, tonight Well I stopped pickin’ up and this song is to let you know why Dear John, I see it all now that you're gone don't you think I was too young To be messed with The girl in the dress Cried the whole way home, I should've known. Well maybe it’s me And my blind optimism to blame Or maybe it’s you and your sick need To give love and take it away And you'll add my name to your long list of traitors who don't understand And i'll look back in regret how I ignored when they said 'Run as fast as you can’ Dear John, I see it all now that you're gone don't you think I was too young To be messed with The girl in the dress Cried the whole way home Dear John, I see it all now it was wrong don’t you think nineteen’s too young To be played by your dark, twisted games When I loved you so, I should've known. You are an expert at sorry And keeping the lines blurry Never impressed by me acing your tests All the girls that you run dry have tired lifeless eyes Cause you burned them out But I took your matches Before fire could catch me So don’t look now i’m shining like fireworks Over your sad empty town Dear John, I see it all now that you're gone don't you think I was too young To be messed with The girl in the dress Cried the whole way home I see it all now that you're gone don't you think I was too young To be messed with The girl in the dress Wrote you a song, you should’ve known. You should’ve known don’t you think I was too young You should’ve known.written by Taylor Swift There I was again tonight Forcing laughter, faking smiles Same old tired lonely place Walls of insincerity, Shifting eyes and vacancy Vanished when I saw your face All I can say is it was enchanting to meet you Your eyes whispered "Have we met? " Across the room your silhouette Starts to make its way to me The playful conversation starts Counter all your quick remarks Like passing notes in secrecy And it was enchanting to meet you All I can say is I was enchanted to meet you This night is sparkling, don't you let it go i'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home i'll spend forever wondering if you knew I was enchanted to meet you The lingering question kept me up 2 am, who do you love? I wonder 'til i'm wide awake And now i'm pacing back and forth Wishing you were at my door i'd open up and you would say, "Hey, It was enchanting to meet you, All I know is I was enchanted to meet you" This night is sparkling, don't you let it go i'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home i'll spend forever wondering if you know This night is flawless, don't you let it go i'm wonderstruck, dancing around all alone i'll spend forever wondering if you knew I was enchanted to meet you This is me praying that This was the very first page Not where the story line ends My thoughts will echo your name Until I see you again These are the words I held back As I was leaving too soon I was enchanted to meet you Please don't be in love with someone else Please don't have somebody waiting on you Please don't be in love with someone else Please don't have somebody waiting on you This night is sparkling, don't you let it go i'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home i'll spend forever wondering if you know This night is flawless, don't you let it go i'm wonderstruck, dancing around all alone i'll spend forever wondering if you knew I was enchanted to meet you Please don't be in love with someone else Please don't have somebody waiting on youwritten by Taylor Swift You and I walk a fragile line I have known it all this time but I never thought i'd live to see it break it's getting dark and it's all too quiet And I can't trust anything now And it's coming over you like it's all a big mistake Oh, i'm holding my breath won't lose you again something's made your eyes go cold Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out something's gone terribly wrong you're all I wanted Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out can't breathe whenever you're gone can't turn back now, i'm haunted Stood there and watched you walk away From everything we had But I still mean every word I said to you He would try to take away my pain And he just might make me smile But the whole time i'm wishing he was you instead Oh, i'm holding my breath won't see you again something keeps me holding on to nothing Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out something's gone terribly wrong you're all I wanted Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out can't breathe whenever you're gone can't turn back now, i'm haunted I know, I know, I just know you're not gone. You can't be gone. No. Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out something's gone terribly wrong won't finish what you started Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out can't breathe whenever you're gone can't go back, i'm haunted Oh You and I walk a fragile line I have known it all this time Never ever thought i'd see it break. Never thought i'd see it...written by Taylor Swift I said remember this moment, in the back of my mind The time we stood with our shaking hands The crowds and stands went wild We were the Kings and the Queens And they read off our names The night you danced like you knew our lives Would never be the same You held your head like a hero On a history book page It was the end of a decade But the start of an age Long live the walls we crashed through How the kingdom lights shined just for me and you I was screaming long live all the magic we made And bring on all the pretenders One day we will be remembered I said remember this feeling I passed the pictures around Of all the years that we stood there On the side-lines wishing for right now We are the Kings and the Queen You trade your baseball cap for a crown When they gave us our trophies And we help them up for our town And the cynics were outraged Screaming this is absurd Cause for a moment a band of theives In ripped up jeans got to rule the world Long live the walls we crashed through How the kingdom lights shined just for me and you I was screaming long live all the magic we made And bring on all the pretenders i'm not afraid Long live all the mountains we moved I had the time of my life fighting dragons with you I was screaming long live the look on your face And bring on all the pretenders One day we will be remembered Hold on to spinning around Confetti falls to the ground May these memories break our fall Will you take a moment, promise me this That you'll stand by my forever But if god forbid fate should step in And force us into a goodbye If you have children some day When they point to the pictures Please tell them my name Tell them how the crowds went wild Tell them how I hope they shine Long live all the mountains we moved I had the time of my life with you Long, long live the walls we crashed through How the kingdom lights shined just for me and you I was screaming long live all the magic we made And bring on all the pretenders i'm not afraid Long live all the mountains we moved I had the time of my life fighting dragons with you I was screaming long live the look on your face And bring on all the pretenders One day we will be rememberedwritten by Taylor Swift You were in college working part time waiting tables Left a small town, never looked back I was a flight risk with a fear of falling Wondering why we bother with love if it never lasts I say can you believe it? As we're lying on the couch The moment I could see it Yes, yes, I can see it now Do you remember we were sitting there by the water? You put your arm around me for the first time You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best thing that's ever been mine Flash forward and we're taking on the world together And there's a drawer of my things at your place You learn my secrets and you figure out why i'm guarded You say we'll never make my parents' mistakes But we got bills to pay We got nothing figured out When it was hard to take Yes, yes, this is what I thought about Do you remember we were sitting there by the water? You put your arm around me for the first time You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best thing that's ever been mine Do you remember all the city lights on the water? You saw me start to believe for the first time You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best thing that's ever been mine And I remember that fight, 2:30 a.m. As everything was slipping right out of our hands I ran out crying and you followed me out into the street Braced myself for the goodbye 'Cause that's all i've ever known Then you took me by surprise You said i'll never leave you alone You said I remember how we felt sitting by the water And every time I look at you, it's like the first time I fell in love with a careless man's careful daughter She is the best thing that's ever been mine Hold on, make it last Hold on, never turn back You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best thing that's ever been mine Do you believe it? we're gonna make it now I can see it I can see it nowwritten by Taylor Swift The way you move is like a full on rainstorm And i'm a house of cards you're the kind of reckless That should send me runnin' But I kinda know that I won't get far And you stood there in front of me Just close enough to touch Close enough to hope you couldn't see What I was thinking of Drop everything now Meet me in the pouring rain Kiss me on the sidewalk Take away the pain 'cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile Get me with those green eyes, baby, as the lights go down Give me something that'll haunt me when you're not around 'cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile My mind forgets to remind me you're a bad idea You touch me once and it's really something, You find i'm even better than you imagined I would be. i'm on my guard for the rest of the world But with you I know it's no good And I could wait patiently but I really wish you would... Drop everything now Meet me in the pouring rain Kiss me on the sidewalk Take away the pain 'cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile Get me with those green eyes, baby, as the lights go down Give me something that'll haunt me when you're not around 'cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile I run my fingers through your hair and watch the lights go wild. Just keep on keeping your eyes on me, it's just wrong enough to make it feel right. Lead me up the staircase won't you whisper soft and slow? i'm captivated by you, baby, like a firework show. Drop everything now, Meet me in the pouring rain, Kiss me on the sidewalk, Take away the pain 'cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile. Get me with those green eyes, baby, as the lights go down Give me something that'll haunt me when you're not around 'cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile The sparks fly... Oh, baby, smile... The sparks fly...written by Taylor Swift i'm so glad you made time to see me. how's life? Tell me how's your family. I haven't seen them in a while. you've been good, busier than ever, We small talk, work and the weather, Your guard is up and I know why. Because the last time you saw me Is still burned in the back of your mind. You gave me roses and I left them there to die. So this is me swallowing my pride, Standing in front of you saying, "i'm sorry for that night," And I go back to December all the time. It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you. Wishing i'd realized what I had when you were mine. i'd go back to December, turn around and make it all right. I go back to December all the time. These days I haven't been sleeping, Staying up, playing back myself leavin'. When your birthday passed and I didn't call. And I think about summer, all the beautiful times, I watched you laughing from the passenger side. Realized that I loved you in the fall. And then the cold came, the dark days when fear crept into my mind You gave me all your love and all I gave you was "Goodbye". So this is me swallowing my pride Standing in front of you saying, "i'm sorry for that night." And I go back to December all the time. It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you, Wishing i'd realized what I had when you were mine. i'd go back to December, turn around and change my own mind I go back to December all the time. I miss your tanned skin, your sweet smile, So good to me, so right And how you held me in your arms that September night -- The first time you ever saw me cry. Maybe this is wishful thinking, Probably mindless dreaming, But if we loved again, I swear i'd love you right. i'd go back in time and change it but I can't. So if the chain is on your door I understand. But this is me swallowing my pride Standing in front of you saying, "i'm sorry for that night." And I go back to December... It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you, Wishing i'd realize what I had when you were mine. i'd go back to December, turn around and make it all right. i'd go back to December, turn around and change my own mind I go back to December all the time. All the time.written by Taylor Swift I am not the kind of girl Who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion But you are not the kind of boy Who should be marrying the wrong girl I sneak in and see your friends And her snotty little family all dressed in pastel And she is yelling at a bridesmaid Somewhere back inside a room Wearing a gown shaped like a pastry This is surely not what you thought it would be I lose myself in a daydream Where I stand and say [Chorus:] don’t say "Yes", run away now i’ll meet you when you’re out of the church at the back door don’t wait or say a single vow You need to hear me out And they said, "Speak now" Fond gestures are exchanged And the organ starts to play a song that sounds like a death march And I am hiding in the curtains It seems that I was uninvited by your lovely bride-to-be She floats down the aisle like a pageant queen But I know you wish it was me, You wish it was me, don’t you? [Chorus] don’t say "Yes", run away now, i’ll meet you when you’re out of the church at the back door. don’t wait or say a single vow, You need to hear me out, And they said, "Speak now". don’t say "Yes", run away now, i’ll meet you when you’re out of the church at the back door. don’t wait or say a single vow, Your time is running out, And they said, "Speak now". Oh, la, la Oh, oh Say a single vow I hear the preacher say, "Speak now or forever hold your peace" there’s the silence, there’s my last chance. I stand up with shaky hands, all eyes on me. Horrified looks from everyone in the room But i’m only looking at you. I am not the kind of girl Who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion But you are not the kind of boy Who should be marrying the wrong girl [Chorus] So, don’t say "Yes", run away now, i’ll meet you when you’re out of the church at the back door. don’t wait or say a single vow, You need to hear me out, And they said, "Speak now". And you’ll say "let’s run away now, i’ll meet you when i’m out of my tux at the back door. Baby, I didn’t say my vows, So glad you were around When they said, "Speak now".written by Taylor Swift Long were the nights when My days once revolved around you Counting my footsteps Praying the floor won’t fall through, again My mother accused me of losing my mind But I swore I was fine You paint me a blue sky And go back and turn it to rain And I lived in your chess game But you changed the rules everyday Wonderin’ which version of you I might get on the phone, tonight Well I stopped pickin’ up and this song is to let you know why Dear John, I see it all now that you're gone don't you think I was too young To be messed with The girl in the dress Cried the whole way home, I should've known. Well maybe it’s me And my blind optimism to blame Or maybe it’s you and your sick need To give love and take it away And you'll add my name to your long list of traitors who don't understand And i'll look back in regret how I ignored when they said 'Run as fast as you can’ Dear John, I see it all now that you're gone don't you think I was too young To be messed with The girl in the dress Cried the whole way home Dear John, I see it all now it was wrong don’t you think nineteen’s too young To be played by your dark, twisted games When I loved you so, I should've known. You are an expert at sorry And keeping the lines blurry Never impressed by me acing your tests All the girls that you run dry have tired lifeless eyes Cause you burned them out But I took your matches Before fire could catch me So don’t look now i’m shining like fireworks Over your sad empty town Dear John, I see it all now that you're gone don't you think I was too young To be messed with The girl in the dress Cried the whole way home I see it all now that you're gone don't you think I was too young To be messed with The girl in the dress Wrote you a song, you should’ve known. You should’ve known don’t you think I was too young You should’ve known.written by Taylor Swift You, with your words like knives and swords and weapons that you use against me You have knocked me off my feet again got me feeling like i'm nothing You, with your voice like nails on a chalkboard, calling me out when i'm wounded You, pickin' on the weaker man Well, you can take me down with just one single blow But you don't know what you don't know Someday i'll be living in a big old city And all you're ever gonna be is mean Someday i'll be big enough so you can't hit me And all you're ever gonna be is mean Why you gotta be so mean? You, with your switching sides and your wildfire lies and your humiliation You, have pointed out my flaws again as if I don't already see them i'll walk with my head down trying to block you out 'cause i'll never impress you I just wanna feel okay again i'll bet you got pushed around, somebody made you cold But the cycle ends right now 'cause you can't lead me down that road And you don't know what you don't know Someday i'll be living in a big old city And all you're ever gonna be is mean Someday i'll be big enough so you can't hit me And all you're ever gonna be is mean Why you gotta be so mean? And I can see you years from now in a bar, talking over a football game With that same big loud opinion but nobody's listening Washed up and ranting about the same old bitter things Drunk and grumbling on about how I can't sing But all you are is mean All you are is mean and a liar and pathetic and alone in life And mean, and mean, and mean, and mean But someday i'll be living in a big old city And all you're ever gonna be is mean, yeah Someday, i'll be big enough so you can't hit me And all you're ever gonna be is mean Why you gotta be so mean? Someday, i'll be, living in a big old city (Why you gotta be so mean?) And all you're ever gonna be is mean (Why you gotta be so mean?) Someday, i'll be big enough so you can't hit me (Why you gotta be so mean?) And all you're ever gonna be is mean Why you gotta be so mean?written by Taylor Swift I used to think one day we'd tell the story of us, How we met and the sparks flew instantly, People would say, "they're the lucky ones." I used to know my place was a spot next to you, Now i'm searching the room for an empty seat, 'Cause lately I don't even know what page you're on. Oh, a simple complication, Miscommunications lead to fall-out. So many things that I wish you knew, So many walls that I can't break through. [Chorus:] Now i'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking, And i'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now. Next chapter. how'd we end up this way? See me nervously pulling at my clothes and trying to look busy, And you're doing your best to avoid me. i'm starting to think one day i'll tell the story of us, How I was losing my mind when I saw you here, But you held your pride like you should've held me. Oh, i'm scared to see the ending, Why are we pretending this is nothing? i'd tell you I miss you but I don't know how, i've never heard silence quite this loud. [Chorus:] Now i'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking, And i'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now. This is looking like a contest, Of who can act like they care less, But I liked it better when you were on my side. The battle's in your hands now, But I would lay my armor down If you said you'd rather love than fight. So many things that you wished I knew, But the story of us might be ending soon. [Chorus:] Now i'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking, And i'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now, now, now. And we're not speaking, And i'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate 'cause we're going down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now. The end.written by Taylor Swift Your little hand's wrapped around my finger And it's so quiet in the world tonight Your little eyelids flutter cause you're dreaming So I tuck you in, turn on your favorite night light To you everything's funny, you got nothing to regret i'd give all I have, honey If you could stay like that Oh darling, don't you ever grow up don't you ever grow up, just stay this little Oh darling, don't you ever grow up don't you ever grow up, it could stay this simple I won't let nobody hurt you, won't let no one break your heart And no one will desert you Just try to never grow up, never grow up you're in the car on the way to the movies And you're mortified your mom's dropping you off At 14 there's just so much you can't do And you can't wait to move out someday and call your own shots But don't make her drop you off around the block Remember that she's getting older too And don't lose the way that you dance around in your pj's getting ready for school Oh darling, don't you ever grow up don't you ever grow up, just stay this little Oh darling, don't you ever grow up don't you ever grow up, it could stay this simple No one's ever burned you, nothing's ever left you scarred And even though you want to, just try to never grow up Take pictures in your mind of your childhood room Memorize what it sounded like when your dad gets home Remember the footsteps, remember the words said And all your little brother's favorite songs I just realized everything I have is someday gonna be gone So here I am in my new apartment In a big city, they just dropped me off it's so much colder that I thought it would be So I tuck myself in and turn my night light on Wish i'd never grown up I wish i'd never grown up Oh I don't wanna grow up, wish i'd never grown up I could still be little Oh I don't wanna grow up, wish i'd never grown up It could still be simple Oh darling, don't you ever grow up don't you ever grow up, just stay this little Oh darling, don't you ever grow up don't you ever grow up, it could stay this simple won't let nobody hurt you won't let no one break your heart And even though you want to, please try to never grow up Oh, don't you ever grow up Oh, never grow up, just never grow upwritten by Taylor Swift There I was again tonight Forcing laughter, faking smiles Same old tired lonely place Walls of insincerity, Shifting eyes and vacancy Vanished when I saw your face All I can say is it was enchanting to meet you Your eyes whispered "Have we met? " Across the room your silhouette Starts to make its way to me The playful conversation starts Counter all your quick remarks Like passing notes in secrecy And it was enchanting to meet you All I can say is I was enchanted to meet you This night is sparkling, don't you let it go i'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home i'll spend forever wondering if you knew I was enchanted to meet you The lingering question kept me up 2 am, who do you love? I wonder 'til i'm wide awake And now i'm pacing back and forth Wishing you were at my door i'd open up and you would say, "Hey, It was enchanting to meet you, All I know is I was enchanted to meet you" This night is sparkling, don't you let it go i'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home i'll spend forever wondering if you know This night is flawless, don't you let it go i'm wonderstruck, dancing around all alone i'll spend forever wondering if you knew I was enchanted to meet you This is me praying that This was the very first page Not where the story line ends My thoughts will echo your name Until I see you again These are the words I held back As I was leaving too soon I was enchanted to meet you Please don't be in love with someone else Please don't have somebody waiting on you Please don't be in love with someone else Please don't have somebody waiting on you This night is sparkling, don't you let it go i'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home i'll spend forever wondering if you know This night is flawless, don't you let it go i'm wonderstruck, dancing around all alone i'll spend forever wondering if you knew I was enchanted to meet you Please don't be in love with someone else Please don't have somebody waiting on youwritten by Taylor Swift "Now go stand in the corner and think about what you did" Ha! Time for a little revenge The story starts when it was hot and it was summer and... I had it all, I had him right where I wanted him She came along, got him alone and let's hear the applause She took him faster than you could say "sabotage" I never saw it coming, wouldn't have suspected it I underestimated just who I was dealing with She had to know the pain was beating on me like a drum She underestimated just who she was stealing from she's not a saint And she's not what you think she's an actress, whoa she's better known For the things that she does On the mattress, whoa Soon she's gonna find Stealing other people's toys On the playground won't Make you many friends She should keep in mind She should keep in mind There is nothing I do better than revenge She looks at life like it's a party and she's on the list She looks at me like i'm a trend and she's so over it I think her ever-present frown is a little troubling And she thinks i'm psycho 'cause I like to rhyme her name with things But sophistication isn't what you wear or who you know Or pushing people down it gets you where you wanna go They wouldn't teach you that in prep school so it's up to me But no amount of vintage dresses gives you dignity she's not a saint And she's not what you think she's an actress, whoa she's better known For the things that she does On the mattress, whoa Soon she's gonna find Stealing other people's toys On the playground won't Make you many friends She should keep in mind She should keep in mind There is nothing I do better than revenge i'm just another thing for you To roll your eyes at, honey You might have him but haven't you heard i'm just another thing for you To roll your eyes at, honey You might have him but I always get the last word Whoa she's not a saint And she's not what you think she's an actress, whoa she's better known For the things that she does On the mattress, whoa Soon she's gonna find Stealing other people's toys On the playground won't Make you many friends She should keep in mind She should keep in mind There is nothing I do better than revenge Do you still feel like you know what you're doing? 'Cause I don't think you do. Oh. Do you still feel like you know what you're doing? I don't think you do I don't think you do let's hear the applause Come on show me how much better you are (so much better, yeah) So you deserve some applause 'cause you're so much better She took him faster than you could say "sabotage"written by Taylor Swift I guess you really did it this time Left yourself in your warpath Lost your balance on a tightrope Lost your mind tryin' to get it back wasn't it easier in your lunchbox days? Always a bigger bed to crawl into wasn't it beautiful when you believed in everything And everybody believed in you? it's alright, just wait and see Your string of lights is still bright to me Oh, who you are is not where you've been. you're still an innocent, you're still an innocent. Did some things you can't speak of But at night you live it all again You wouldn't be shattered on the floor now If only you would seen what you know now then wasn't it easier in your firefly-catchin' days? When everything out of reach, someone bigger brought down to you wasn't it beautiful runnin' wild 'til you fell asleep Before the monsters caught up to you? it's alright, just wait and see Your string of lights is still bright to me Oh, who you are is not where you've been you're still an innocent it's okay, life is a tough crowd 32, and still growin' up now Who you are is not what you did. you're still an innocent. Time turns flames to embers you'll have new Septembers Every one of us has messed up too Lives change like the weather I hope you remember Today is never too late to be brand new it's alright, just wait and see Your string of lights is still bright to me Oh, who you are is not where you've been you're still an innocent. it's okay, life is a tough crowd 32, and still growin' up now Who you are is not what you did you're still an innocent. you're still an innocent. Lost your balance on a tightrope. it's never too late to get it back.written by Taylor Swift You and I walk a fragile line I have known it all this time but I never thought i'd live to see it break it's getting dark and it's all too quiet And I can't trust anything now And it's coming over you like it's all a big mistake Oh, i'm holding my breath won't lose you again something's made your eyes go cold Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out something's gone terribly wrong you're all I wanted Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out can't breathe whenever you're gone can't turn back now, i'm haunted Stood there and watched you walk away From everything we had But I still mean every word I said to you He would try to take away my pain And he just might make me smile But the whole time i'm wishing he was you instead Oh, i'm holding my breath won't see you again something keeps me holding on to nothing Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out something's gone terribly wrong you're all I wanted Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out can't breathe whenever you're gone can't turn back now, i'm haunted I know, I know, I just know you're not gone. You can't be gone. No. Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out something's gone terribly wrong won't finish what you started Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out can't breathe whenever you're gone can't go back, i'm haunted Oh You and I walk a fragile line I have known it all this time Never ever thought i'd see it break. Never thought i'd see it...written by Taylor Swift I still remember the look on your face Lit through the darkness at 1:58 The words that you whispered For just us to know You told me you loved me So why did you go away? Away I do recall now the smell of the rain Fresh on the pavement I ran off the plane That July 9th The beat of your heart It jumps through your shirt I can still feel your arms But now i'll go sit on the floor Wearing your clothes All that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss I never thought we'd have a last kiss Never imagined we'd end like this Your name, forever the name on my lips I do remember the swing of your step The life of the party, you're showing off again And I roll my eyes and then You pull me in i'm not much for dancing But for you I did Because I love your handshake, meeting my father I love how you walk with your hands in your pockets How you kissed me when I was in the middle of saying something there's not a day I don't miss those rude interruptions And i'll go sit on the floor Wearing your clothes All that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss Never thought we'd have a last kiss Never imagined we'd end like this Your name, forever the name on my lips So i'll watch your life in pictures like I used to watch you sleep And I feel you forget me like I used to feel you breathe And I keep up with our old friends just to ask them how you are Hope it's nice where you are And I hope the sun shines And it's a beautiful day And something reminds you You wish you had stayed You can plan for a change in weather and time But I never planned on you changing your mind So i'll go sit on the floor Wearing your clothes All that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss Never thought we'd have a last kiss Never imagined we'd end like this Your name, forever the name on my lips Just like our last kiss Forever the name on my lips Forever the name on my lips Just like our last...written by Taylor Swift I said remember this moment, in the back of my mind The time we stood with our shaking hands The crowds and stands went wild We were the Kings and the Queens And they read off our names The night you danced like you knew our lives Would never be the same You held your head like a hero On a history book page It was the end of a decade But the start of an age Long live the walls we crashed through How the kingdom lights shined just for me and you I was screaming long live all the magic we made And bring on all the pretenders One day we will be remembered I said remember this feeling I passed the pictures around Of all the years that we stood there On the side-lines wishing for right now We are the Kings and the Queen You trade your baseball cap for a crown When they gave us our trophies And we help them up for our town And the cynics were outraged Screaming this is absurd Cause for a moment a band of theives In ripped up jeans got to rule the world Long live the walls we crashed through How the kingdom lights shined just for me and you I was screaming long live all the magic we made And bring on all the pretenders i'm not afraid Long live all the mountains we moved I had the time of my life fighting dragons with you I was screaming long live the look on your face And bring on all the pretenders One day we will be remembered Hold on to spinning around Confetti falls to the ground May these memories break our fall Will you take a moment, promise me this That you'll stand by my forever But if god forbid fate should step in And force us into a goodbye If you have children some day When they point to the pictures Please tell them my name Tell them how the crowds went wild Tell them how I hope they shine Long live all the mountains we moved I had the time of my life with you Long, long live the walls we crashed through How the kingdom lights shined just for me and you I was screaming long live all the magic we made And bring on all the pretenders i'm not afraid Long live all the mountains we moved I had the time of my life fighting dragons with you I was screaming long live the look on your face And bring on all the pretenders One day we will be rememberedwritten by Taylor Swift Elevator buttons and morning air Strangers' silence makes me want to take the stairs If you were here we'd laugh about their vacant stares But right now my time is theirs Seems like there's always someone who disapproves they'll judge it like they know about me and you And the verdict comes from those with nothing else to do The jury's out, my choice is you So don't you worry your pretty little mind People throw rocks at things that shine And life makes love look hard The stakes are high, the water's rough But this love is ours You never know what people have up their sleeves Ghosts from your past gonna jump out at me Lurking in the shadows with their lip gloss smiles But I don't care 'cause right now you're mine And you'll say don't you worry your pretty little mind People throw rocks at things that shine And life makes love look hard The stakes are high, the water's rough But this love is ours And it's not theirs to speculate If it's wrong and Your hands are tough But they are where mine belong and i'll fight their doubt and give you faith With this song for you 'Cause I love the gap between your teeth And I love the riddles that you speak And any snide remarks from my father about your tattoos will be ignored 'Cause my heart is yours So don't you worry your pretty little mind People throw rocks at things that shine And life makes love look hard don't you worry your pretty little mind People throw rocks at things that shine But they can't take what's ours They can't take what's ours The stakes are high, the water's rough But this love is ourswritten by Taylor Swift Last night I heard my own heart beating Sounded like footsteps on my stairs Six months gone and i'm still reaching Even though I know you're not there I was playing back a thousand memories, baby Thinkin' 'bout everythin' we've been through Maybe i've been goin' back too much lately When time stood still and I had you Come back, come back, come back to me like You would, you would if this was a movie Stand in the rain outside 'Til I came out Come back, come back, come back to me like You could, you could if you just said you're sorry I know that we could work it out somehow But if this was a movie you'd be here by now I know people change and these things happen But I remember how it was back then Locked up in your arms and our friends were laughing 'Cause nothing like this ever happened to them Now, i'm pacing down the hall, chasing down your street Flashback to the night when you said to me "nothing's gonna change, not for me and you " Not before I knew how much I had to lose Come back, come back, come back to me like You would, you would if this was a movie Stand in the rain outside 'Til I came out Come back, come back, come back to me like You could, you could if you just said you're sorry I know that we could work it out somehow But if this was a movie you'd be here by now If you're out there, if you're somewhere, if you're moving on i've be waiting for you ever since you've been gone I just want it back the way it was before And I just wanna see you back at my front door And I say come back, come back, come back to me like You would before you said it's not that easy Before the fight, before I locked you out But i'd take it all back now Come back, come back, come back to me like You would, you would if this was a movie Stand in the rain outside 'Til I came out Come back, come back, come back to me like You could, you could if you just said sorry I know that we could work it out somehow But if this was a movie you'd be here by now you'd be here by now it's not the kind of ending you wanna see now Baby, what about the ending? Oh, I thought you'd be here by now That you'd be here by nowwritten by Taylor Swift Tall, dark and supermanly He puts papers in his briefcase and drives away To save the world or go to work it's the same thing to me he's got his mother's eyes, his father's ambition I wonder if he knows how much that I miss him I hang on every word you say, yay And you smile and say, "How are you? " I say, "Just fine" I always forget to tell you, I love you, I love you... forever I watch superman fly away you've got a busy day today Go save the world, i'll be around I watch superman fly away Come back i'll be with you someday i'll be right here on the ground When you come back down Tall, dark and beautiful he's complicated, he's irrational But I hope someday you'll take me away and save the day, yeah Something in his deep brown eyes has me sayin' he's not all bad like his reputation And I can't hear one single word they say And you'll leave, got places to be and i'll be ok I always forget to tell you I love you, I loved you from the very first day I watch superman fly away you've got a busy day today Go save the world i'll be around I watch superman fly away Come back i'll be with you someday i'll be right here on the ground When you come back down And I watch you fly around the world And I hope you don't save some other girl don't forget, don't forget about me i'm far away but I never let you go i'm lovestruck and looking out the window don't forget, don't forget where i'll be Right here wishing the flowers were from you Wishing the card was from you Wishing the call was from you 'Cause I loved you from the very first day I watch superman fly away you've got a busy day today Go save the world, i'll be around... Forever and ever here I watch superman fly away I swear i'll be with you someday i'll be right here on the ground When you come back down La, la, la, la, la, la La, la, la, la, la, la When you come back downwritten by Taylor Swift i'm so glad you made time to see me. how's life? Tell me how's your family. I haven't seen them in a while. you've been good, busier than ever, We small talk, work and the weather, Your guard is up and I know why. Because the last time you saw me Is still burned in the back of your mind. You gave me roses and I left them there to die. So this is me swallowing my pride, Standing in front of you saying, "i'm sorry for that night," And I go back to December all the time. It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you. Wishing i'd realized what I had when you were mine. i'd go back to December, turn around and make it all right. I go back to December all the time. These days I haven't been sleeping, Staying up, playing back myself leavin'. When your birthday passed and I didn't call. And I think about summer, all the beautiful times, I watched you laughing from the passenger side. Realized that I loved you in the fall. And then the cold came, the dark days when fear crept into my mind You gave me all your love and all I gave you was "Goodbye". So this is me swallowing my pride Standing in front of you saying, "i'm sorry for that night." And I go back to December all the time. It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you, Wishing i'd realized what I had when you were mine. i'd go back to December, turn around and change my own mind I go back to December all the time. I miss your tanned skin, your sweet smile, So good to me, so right And how you held me in your arms that September night -- The first time you ever saw me cry. Maybe this is wishful thinking, Probably mindless dreaming, But if we loved again, I swear i'd love you right. i'd go back in time and change it but I can't. So if the chain is on your door I understand. But this is me swallowing my pride Standing in front of you saying, "i'm sorry for that night." And I go back to December... It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you, Wishing i'd realize what I had when you were mine. i'd go back to December, turn around and make it all right. i'd go back to December, turn around and change my own mind I go back to December all the time. All the time.written by Taylor Swift You and I walk a fragile line I have known it all this time but I never thought i'd live to see it break it's getting dark and it's all too quiet And I can't trust anything now And it's coming over you like it's all a big mistake Oh, i'm holding my breath won't lose you again something's made your eyes go cold Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out something's gone terribly wrong you're all I wanted Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out can't breathe whenever you're gone can't turn back now, i'm haunted Stood there and watched you walk away From everything we had But I still mean every word I said to you He would try to take away my pain And he just might make me smile But the whole time i'm wishing he was you instead Oh, i'm holding my breath won't see you again something keeps me holding on to nothing Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out something's gone terribly wrong you're all I wanted Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out can't breathe whenever you're gone can't turn back now, i'm haunted I know, I know, I just know you're not gone. You can't be gone. No. Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out something's gone terribly wrong won't finish what you started Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out can't breathe whenever you're gone can't go back, i'm haunted Oh You and I walk a fragile line I have known it all this time Never ever thought i'd see it break. Never thought i'd see it...written by Taylor Swift You were in college working part time waiting tables Left a small town, never looked back I was a flight risk with a fear of falling Wondering why we bother with love if it never lasts I say can you believe it? As we're lying on the couch The moment I could see it Yes, yes, I can see it now Do you remember we were sitting there by the water? You put your arm around me for the first time You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best thing that's ever been mine Flash forward and we're taking on the world together And there's a drawer of my things at your place You learn my secrets and you figure out why i'm guarded You say we'll never make my parents' mistakes But we got bills to pay We got nothing figured out When it was hard to take Yes, yes, this is what I thought about Do you remember we were sitting there by the water? You put your arm around me for the first time You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best thing that's ever been mine Do you remember all the city lights on the water? You saw me start to believe for the first time You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best thing that's ever been mine And I remember that fight, 2:30 a.m. As everything was slipping right out of our hands I ran out crying and you followed me out into the street Braced myself for the goodbye 'Cause that's all i've ever known Then you took me by surprise You said i'll never leave you alone You said I remember how we felt sitting by the water And every time I look at you, it's like the first time I fell in love with a careless man's careful daughter She is the best thing that's ever been mine Hold on, make it last Hold on, never turn back You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best thing that's ever been mine Do you believe it? we're gonna make it now I can see it I can see it nowwritten by Taylor Swift Today was a fairytale, you were the prince I used to be a damsel in distress You took me by the hand, and you picked me up at six Today was a fairytale, today was a fairytale Today was a fairytale, I wore a dress You wore a dark gray t-shirt You told me I was pretty when I looked like a mess Today was a fairytale Time slows down whenever you're around But can you feel this magic in the air? It must have been the way you kissed me Fell in love when I saw you standing there It must have been the way Today was a fairytale It must have been the way Today was a fairytale Today was a fairytale you've got a smile that takes me to another planet Every move you make, everything you say is right Today was a fairytale Today was a fairytale All that I can say is now it's getting so much clearer Nothing made sense until the time I saw your face Today was a fairytale Time slows down whenever you're around, yeah But can you feel this magic in the air? It must have been the way you kissed me Fell in love when I saw you standing there It must have been the way Today was a fairytale It must have been the way Today was a fairytale Time slows down whenever you're around I can feel my heart, it's beating in my chest Did you feel it? I can't put this down But can you feel this magic in the air? It must have been the way you kissed me Fell in love when I saw you standing there It must have been the way But can you feel this magic in the air? It must have been the way you kissed me Fell in love when I saw you standing there It must have been the way Today was a fairytale It must have been the way Today was a fairytale Today was a fairytale © 2010 sony/atv Tree Publishing & Taylor Swift Music. Used By Permission I like the way you sound in the morning we're on the phone and without a warning I realize your laugh is the best sound I have ever heard I like the way I can't keep my focus I watch you talk, you didn't notice I hear the words but all I can think is We should be together Every time you smile, I smile And every time you shine, i'll shine for you Whoa, oh, i'm feeling you baby don't be afraid to Jump then fall Jump then fall into me. Be there, never gonna leave you Say that you wanna be with me too So i'mma stay through it all So jump then fall Well, I like the way your hair falls in your face You got the keys to me I love each freckle on your face, oh i've never been so wrapped up, honey I like the way you're everything I ever wanted I had time to think it all over And all I can say is come closer Take a deep breath then jump then fall into me Cause every time you smile, I smile And every time you shine, i'll shine for you Whoa, oh, i'm feeling you baby don't be afraid to Jump then fall Jump then fall into me. Be there, never gonna leave you Say that you wanna be with me too So i'mma stay through it all So jump then fall The bottom's gonna drop out from under our feet i'll catch you, i'll catch you And people say things that bring you to your knees i'll catch you The time is gonna come when you're so mad you could cry But i'll hold you through the night until you smile Whoa, oh, I need you baby don't be afraid, please, Jump then fall Jump then fall into me Be there, never gonna leave you Say that you wanna be with me too So i'mma stay through it all So jump then fall Jump then fall, baby Jump then fall into me, into me Every time you smile, I smile And every time you shine, I shine And every time you're here Baby i'll show you, i'll show you You can jump then fall, jump then fall Jump then fall into me, into me, yeah © 2009 sony/atv Tree Publishing and Taylor Swift Music. Used By Permission Written by Taylor Swift I like the way you sound in the morning we're on the phone and without a warning I realize your laugh is the best sound I have ever heard I like the way I can't keep my focus I watch you talk, you didn't notice I hear the words but all I can think is We should be together Every time you smile, I smile And every time you shine, i'll shine for you Whoa oh, i'm feeling you baby don't be afraid to Jump then fall Jump then fall into me Be there, never gonna leave you Say that you wanna be with me too So i'm a stay through it all So jump then fall I like the way your hair falls in your face You got the keys to me I love each freckle on your face, oh i've never been so wrapped up, honey I like the way you're everything I ever wanted I had time to think it oh, over And all I can say is come closer Take a deep breath then jump then fall into me Cause Every time you smile, I smile And every time you shine, i'll shine for you Whoa oh, i'm feeling you baby don't be afraid to Jump then fall Jump then fall into me Be there, never gonna leave you Say that you wanna be with me too So i'm a stay through it all So jump then fall The bottom's gonna drop out from under our feet i'll catch you, i'll catch you And people say things that bring you to your knees i'll catch you The time is gonna come when you're so mad you could cry But i'll hold you through the night until you smile Whoa oh, I need you baby don't be afraid, please Jump then fall Jump then fall into me Be there, never gonna leave you Say that you wanna be with me too So i'm a stay through it all So jump then fall Jump then fall baby Jump then fall into me, into me Every time you smile, I smile And every time you shine, I shine And every time you're here Baby i'll show you, i'll show you You can Jump then fall, jump then fall Jump then fall into me, into me, yeah written by Swift/Barlowe/Barlowe/James Untouchable like a distant diamond sky i'm reaching out And I just can't tell you why i'm caught up in you i'm caught up in you Untouchable burning Brighter than the sun And when you're close I feel like coming undone In the middle of the night When i'm in this dream it's like a million little stars Spelling out your name You gotta come on, come on Say that we'll be together Come on, come on Little taste of heaven it's half full And I won't wait here All day I know you're saying That you'd be here Anyway But you're Untouchable burning Brighter than the sun Now that you're close I feel like coming undone In the middle of the night When i'm in this dream it's like a million little stars Spelling out your name You gotta, come on, come on Say that we'll be together Come on, come on In the middle of the night Wakin' from this dream I wanna feel you By my side Standing next to me You gotta, come on, come on Say that we'll be together Come on, come on Little taste of heaven Oh, oh Oh, oh i'm caught Up in you Oh, oh Oh, oh Oh, oh it's your Untouchable burning Brighter than the sun Now that you're close I feel like coming undone In the middle of the night When i'm in this dream it's like a million little stars Spelling out your name You gotta come on, come on Say that we'll be together Come on, come on Oh, oh In the middle of the night When i'm in this dream it's like a million little stars Spelling out your name You gotta, come on, come on Say that we'll be together Come on, come on Come on In the middle of the night We can form this dream I wanna feel you by my side Standing next to me You gotta, come on, come on Say that we'll be together Come on, come on Little taste of heavenwritten by Taylor Swift Once upon a time, I believe it was a Tuesday when I caught your eye And we caught onto something I hold onto the night, you looked me in the eye and told me you loved me Were you just kidding? 'cause it seems to me, this thing is breaking down We almost never speak I don't feel welcome anymore Baby what happened, please tell me? 'cause one second it was perfect, now you're halfway out the door And I stare at the phone, he still hasn't called And then you feel so low you cant feel nothing at all And you flashback to when he said forever and always Oh, and it rains in your bedroom Everything is wrong It rains when you're here and it rains when you're gone Cause I was there when you said forever and always Was I out of line? Did I say something way too honest, made you run and hide Like a scared little boy I looked into your eyes Thought I knew you for a minute, now i'm not so sure So here's everything coming down to nothing here's to silence that cuts me to the core Where is this going? Thought I knew for a minute, but I don't anymore And I stare at the phone, he still hasn't called And then you feel so low you cant feel nothing at all And you flashback to when he said forever and always Oh, and it rains in your bedroom Everything is wrong It rains when you're here and it rains when you're gone 'cause I was there when you said forever and always You didn't mean it baby, I don't think so Back up, baby, back up Did you forget everything Back up, baby, back up Did you forget everything 'cause it rains in your bedroom Everything is wrong It rains when you're here and it rains when you're gone 'cause I was there when you said forever and always Oh, I stare at the phone, he still hasn't called And then you feel so low you cant feel nothing at all And you flashback to when we said forever and always And it rains in your bedroom Everything is wrong It rains when you're here and it rains when you're gone 'cause I was there when you said forever and always You didn't mean it baby, you said forever and always... yeahwritten by Swift/Rose I could go back to every laugh, But I don't wanna' go there anymore, And I know all the steps up to your door, But I don't wanna' go there anymore. Talk to the wind, talk to the sky, Talk to the man with the reasons why, And let me know what you find. i’ll leave my window open, ‘Cause i’m too tired at night to call your name. Just know i’m right here hopin’, That you’ll come in with the rain. I could stand up and sing you a song, But I don’t wanna’ have to go that far. And i, i’ve got you down, I know you by heart, And you don’t even know where I start. Talk to yourself, talk to the tears, Talk to the man who put you here, And don’t wait for the sky to clear. i’ll leave my window open, ‘Cus i’m too tired at night to call your name. Oh, just know i’m right here hopin’, That you’ll come in with the rain. i’ve watched you so long, Screamed your name, I don’t know what else I can say. But i’ll leave my window open, ‘Cus i’m too tired at night for all these games. Just know i’m right here hopin’, That you’ll come in with the rain. I could go back to every laugh, But I don’t wanna’ go there anymore…written by Swift/Rose This is wrong but I can't help but feel like There ain't nothing more right babe Misty morning comes again and I can't Help but wish I could see your face And I knew from the first note played i'd be breaking all my rules to see you You smile that beautiful smile And all the girls in the front row scream your name So dim that spotlight, tell me things like I can't take my eyes off of you i'm no one special, just another wide-eyed girl who's desperately in love with you Give me a photograph to hang on my wall Superstar Good morning loneliness Comes around when i'm not dreaming about you When my world wakes up today you'll be in another town And I knew when I saw your face i'd be Counting down the ways to see you And you smile that beautiful smile And all the girls in the front row scream your name So dim that spotlight, tell me things like I can't take my eyes off of you i'm no one special, just another wide-eyed girl who's desperately in love with you Give me a photograph to hang on my wall http://www.elyricsworld.com/superstar_lyrics_taylor_swift.html Superstar You played in bars, you play guitar And i'm invisible and everyone knows who you are And you'll never see, you sing me to sleep Every night from the radio So dim that spotlight, tell me things like I can't take my eyes off of you i'm no one special, just another wide-eyed girl who's desperately in love with you Give me a photograph to hang on my wall Superstar Sweet, sweet superstar superstarwritten by Taylor Swift In the heat of the fight I walked away Ignoring words that you were saying Trying to make me stay I said, 'This time i've had enough' And you've called a hundred times But i'm not picking up Cause i'm so mad I might tell you that it's over But if you look a little closer I said, "Leave," but all I really want is you To stand outside my window throwing pebbles Screaming, 'i'm in love with you' Wait there in the pouring rain, come back for more And don't you leave cause I know All I need is on the other side of the door Me and my stupid pride are sitting here alone Going through the photographs, staring at the phone I keep going back over things we both said And I remember the slamming door and all the things that I misread So babe if you know everything, tell me why you couldn't see When I left I wanted you to chase after me Yeah, I said, "Leave," but all I really want is you To stand outside my window throwing pebbles Screaming, 'i'm in love with you' Wait there in the pouring rain, come back for more And don't you leave cause I know All I need is on the other side of the door And i'll scream out the window I can't even look at you I don't need you but I do, I do, I do I say, "there's nothing you can say to make this right I mean it, I mean it" What I mean is I said, "Leave," but baby all I want is you To stand outside my window throwing pebbles Screaming, 'i'm in love with you' Wait there in the pouring rain, come back for more And don't you leave cause I know All I need is on the other side of the door With your face and the beautiful eyes And the conversation with the little white lies And the faded picture of a beautiful night You carry me from your car to the stairs And I broke down crying, was she worth this mess? After everything and that little black dress After everything I must confess, I need youwritten by Swift/Rose/Lindsey there's somethin' 'bout the way The street looks when it's just rained there's a glow off the pavement you walk me to the car And you know I wanna ask you to dance right there In the middle of the parking lot Yeah Oh yeah we're drivin' down the road I wonder if you know i'm tryin' so hard not to get caught up now But you're just so cool Run your hands through your hair Absent mindedly makin' me want you And I don't know how it gets better than this You take my hand and drag me head first Fearless And I don't know why but with you i'd dance in a storm in my best dress Fearless So baby drive slow 'til we run out of road in this one horse town I wanna stay right here in this passenger's seat You put your eyes on me In this moment now capture it, remember it Cause I don't know how it gets better than this You take my hand and drag me head first Fearless And I don't know why but with you i'd dance in a storm in my best dress Fearless Well you stood there with me in the doorway My hands shake i'm not usually this way but You pull me in and i'm a little more brave it's the first kiss, it's flawless, Really something, it's fearless. Oh yeah Cause' I don't know how it gets better than this You take my hand and drag me head first Fearless And I don't know why but with you i'd dance in a storm in my best dress Fearless Cuz I don't know how it gets better than this You take my hand and drag me head first Fearless And I don't know why but with you i'd dance in a storm in my best dress Fearless oh-oh Oh yeahwritten by Taylor Swift You take a deep breath and you walk through the doors it's the morning of your very first day You say "Hi" to your friends you ain't seen in a while Try and stay out of everybody's way it's your freshman year and you're gonna be here For the next four years in this town Hoping one of those senior boys will wink at you and say "You know I haven't seen you around, before" 'cause when you're fifteen and somebody tells you they love you you're gonna believe them And when you're fifteen Feeling like there nothing to figure out Well count to ten, take it in This is life before you know who you're gonna be Fifteen You sit in class next to a redhead named Abigail And soon enough you're best friends Laughing at the other girls who think they're so cool we'll be out of here as soon as we can And then you're on your very first date and hes got a car And you're feeling like flying And you're mommas waiting up and you think hes the one And you're dancing round your room when the night ends When the night ends 'cause when you're fifteen and somebody tells you they love you you're gonna believe them When you're fifteen and your first kiss Makes your head spin round but In your life you'll do things greater than dating the boy of the football team But I didn't know it at fifteen When all you wanted was to be wanted Wish you could go back and tell yourself what you know now Back then I swore I was gonna marry him someday But I realized some bigger dreams of mine And Abigail gave everything she had to a boy Who changed his mind and we both cried 'cause when you're fifteen and somebody tells you they love you you're gonna believe them And when you're fifteen, don't forget to look before you fall Ive found that time can heal most anything And you just might find who you're supposed to be I didn't know who I was supposed to be at fifteen Your very first day Take a deep breath girl Take a deep breath as you walk through those doors.written by Taylor Swift We were both young when I first saw you. I close my eyes and the flashback starts: i'm standing there on a balcony in summer air. See the lights, see the party, the ball gowns. See you make your way through the crowd And say, "Hello," Little did I know... That you were Romeo, you were throwing pebbles, And my daddy said, "Stay away from Juliet" And I was crying on the staircase Begging you, "Please don't go" And I said... Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone. i'll be waiting; all that's left to do is run. you'll be the prince and i'll be the princess, it's a love story, baby, just say, "Yes". So I sneak out to the garden to see you. We keep quiet 'cause we're dead if they knew So close your eyes... escape this town for a little while. Oh, oh. 'cause you were Romeo - I was a scarlet letter, And my daddy said, "Stay away from Juliet" But you were everything to me, I was begging you, "Please don't go" And I said... Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone. i'll be waiting; all that's left to do is run. you'll be the prince and i'll be the princess. it's a love story, baby, just say, "Yes". Romeo, save me, they're trying to tell me how to feel. This love is difficult but it's real. don't be afraid, we'll make it out of this mess. it's a love story, baby, just say, "Yes". Oh, oh. I got tired of waiting Wondering if you were ever coming around. My faith in you was fading When I met you on the outskirts of town. And I said... Romeo, save me, i've been feeling so alone. I keep waiting for you but you never come. Is this in my head? I don't know what to think. He knelt to the ground and pulled out a ring and said... Marry me, Juliet, you'll never have to be alone. I love you, and that's all I really know. I talked to your dad ‒ go pick out a white dress it's a love story, baby, just say, "Yes". Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 'cause we were both young when I first saw youwritten by Taylor Swift Hey Stephen, I know looks can be deceiving but I know I saw a light in you As we walked we were talking and I didn't say half the things I wanted to Of all the girls tossing rocks at your window i'll be the one waiting there even when it's cold Hey Stephen, boy you might have me believing I don't always have to be alone. [Chorus] 'cause I can't help it if you look like an angel can't help I if I wanna kiss you in the rain so Come feel this magic i've been feeling since I met you can't help it if there's no one else I can't help myself Hey Stephen, i've been holding back this feeling So i've got some things to say to you I seen it all so I thought but I never seen nobody shine the way you do The way you walk, way you talk, way you say my name it's beautiful, wonderful, don't you ever change Hey Stephen, why are people always leaving I think you and I should stay the same [Chorus] they're dimming the street lights you're perfect for me why aren't you here tonight? i'm waiting alone now so come on and come out and pull me near Shine, shine, shine Hey Stephen I could give you fifty reasons why I should be the one you choose All those other girls, well they're beautiful but would they write a song for you [Chorus x2] Myself, can't help myself I can't help myself.written by Swift/Rose Say you're sorry That face of an angel Comes out just when you need it to As I paced back and forth all this time Cause I honestly believed in you Holding on The days drag on Stupid girl, I should have known, I should have known [Chorus:] i'm not a princess, this ain't a fairy tale, i'm not the one you'll sweep off her feet, Lead her up the stairwell This ain't Hollywood, this is a small town, I was a dreamer before you went and let me down, Now it's too late for you and your white horse to come around Baby I was naive, Got lost in your eyes And never really had a chance My mistake, I didn't know to be in love You had to fight to have the upper hand I had so many dreams About you and me Happy endings Now I know [Chorus:] i'm not a princess, this ain't a fairy tale, i'm not the one you'll sweep off her feet, Lead her up the stairwell This ain't Hollywood, this is a small town, I was a dreamer before you went and let me down, Now it's too late for you and your white horse to come around And there you are on your knees, Begging for forgiveness, begging for me Just like I always wanted but i'm so sorry Cause i'm not your princess, this ain't a fairytale, i'm gonna find someone someday who might actually treat me well This is a big world, that was a small town There in my rear view mirror disappearing now And it's too late for you and your white horse Now it's too late for you and your white horse to catch me now Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa Try and catch me now Oh, it's too late To catch me nowwritten by Swift/Rose you're on the phone with your girlfriend, she's upset she's going off about something that you said She doesnt get your humour like I do i'm in the room, its a typical Tuesday night i'm listening to the kind of music she doesnt like And she'll never know your story like I do But she wears short skirts, I wear t-shirts she's cheer captain and i'm on the bleachers Dreaming bout the day when you wake up and find That what you're lookin for has been here the whole time If you could see that i'm the one who understands you Been here all along so why can't you see? You belong with me You belong with me Walkin the streets with you in your worn out jeans I cant help thinking this is how it ought to be Laughing on the park bench thinkin to myself Hey isnt this easy? And you've got a smile that could light up this whole town I havent seen it in awhile, since she brought you down You say you find I know you better than that Hey, Whatcha doing with a girl like that? She wears high heels, I wear sneakers she's cheer captain and i'm on the bleachers Dreaming bout the day when you wake up and find That what you're looking for has been here the whole time If you could see that i'm the one who understands you Been here all along so why can't you see? You belong with me Standin by, waiting at your back door All this time how could you not know that? You belong with me You belong with me Oh I remember you driving to my house in the middle of the night i'm the one who makes you laugh when you know you're about to cry I know your favorite songs and you tell me about your dreams I think I know where you belong. I think I know it's with me. can't you see that i'm the one who understands you? Been here all along so why can't you see? You belong with me Standing by or waiting at your back door All this time how could you not know that You belong with me You belong with me Have you ever thought just maybe You belong with me You belong with mewritten by Swift/Caillat I see your face in my mind as I drive away, Cause none of us thought it was gonna end that way. People are people, And sometimes we change our minds. But it's killing me to see you go after all this time. Mmm mmm mmm Mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm Mmm mmm mmm Mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm Music starts playin' like the end of a sad movie, it's the kinda ending you don't really wanna see. Cause it's tragedy and it'll only bring you down, Now I don't know what to be without you around. And we know it's never simple, Never easy. Never a clean break, noone here to save me. you're the only thing I know like the back of my hand, And I can't, Breathe, Without you, But I have to, Breathe, Without you, But I have to. Never wanted this, never wanna see you hurt. Every little bump in the road I tried to swerve. But people are people, And sometimes it doesn't work out, Nothing we say is gonna save us from the fall out. And we know it's never simple, Never easy. Never a clean break, no one here to save me. you're the only thing I know like the back of my hand, And I can't, Breathe, Without you, But I have to, Breathe, Without you, But I have to. it's two a.m. Feelin' like I just lost a friend. Hope you know it's not easy, Easy for me. it's two a.m. Feelin' like I just lost a friend. Hope you know this ain't easy, Easy for me. And we know it's never simple, Never easy. Never a clean break, noone here to save me. Ohhh I can't, Breathe, Without you, But I have to, Breathe, Without you, But I have to. Sorry (oh) Sorry (mmm) Sorry (eh eh) Sorry (mmm) Sorry (eh eh) Sorry (mmm) sorrywritten by Swift/Rose I took a chance, I took a shot And you might think i'm bulletproof, but i'm not You took a swing, I took it hard And down here from the ground I see who you are i'm sick and tired of your attitude i'm feeling like I don't know you You tell me that you love me then you cut me down And I need you like a heartbeat But you know you got a mean streak Makes me run for cover when you're around And here's to you and your temper Yes, I remember what you said last night And I know that you see what you're doing to me Tell me why.. You could write a book on how to ruin someone's perfect day Well I get so confused and frustrated Forget what i'm trying to say, oh i'm sick and tired of your reasons I got no one to believe in You tell me that you want me, then push me around And I need you like a heartbeat But you know you got a mean streak Makes me run for cover when you're around here's to you and your temper Yes, I remember what you said last night And I know that you see what you're doing to me Tell me why.. why..do you have to make me feel small So you can feel whole inside why..do you have to put down my dreams So you're the only thing on my mind i'm sick and tired of your attitude i'm feeling like I don't know you You tell me that you want me then cut me down i'm sick and tired of your reasons i've got no one to believe in You ask me for my love then you push me around here's to you and your temper Yes, I remember what you said last night And I know that you see what you're doing to me Tell me why Why, tell me why I take a step back, let you go I told you i'm not bulletproof Now you knowwritten by Taylor Swift All this time I was wasting, Hoping you would come around i've been giving out chances every time And all you do is let me down And it's taking me this long Baby but I figured you out And you're thinking we'll be fine again, But not this time around You don't have to call anymore I won't pick up the phone This is the last straw don't wanna hurt anymore And you can tell me that you're sorry But I don't believe you baby Like I did - before you're not sorry, no no oh Looking so innocent, I might believe you if I didn't know could've loved you all my life If you hadn't left me waiting in the cold And you got your share of secrets And i'm tired of being last to know And now you're asking me to listen Cause it's worked each time before But you don't have to call anymore I won't pick up the phone This is the last straw don't wanna hurt anymore And you can tell me that you're sorry But I don't believe you baby Like I did - before you're not sorry, no no, oh you're not sorry no no oh You had me crawling for you honey And it never would've gone away, no You used to shine so bright But I watched all of it fade So you don't have to call anymore I won't pick up the phone This is the last straw there's nothing left to beg for And you can tell me that you're sorry But I don't believe you baby Like I did - before you're not sorry, no no oh you're not sorry, no no ohwritten by Swift/Rich He is sensible and so incredible And all my single friends are jealous He says everything I need to hear and it's like I couldn't ask for anything better He opens up my door and I get into his car And he says you look beautiful tonight And I feel perfectly fine But I miss screaming and fighting and kissing in the rain And it's 2am and i'm cursing your name you're so in love that you act insane And that's the way I loved you Breakin' down and coming undone it's a roller coaster kinda rush And I never knew I could feel that much And that's the way I loved you He respects my space And never makes me wait And he calls exactly when he says he will he's close to my mother Talks business with my father he's charming and endearing And i'm comfortable But I miss screaming and fighting and kissing in the rain And it's 2am and i'm cursing your name you're so in love that you act insane And that's the way I loved you Breakin' down and coming undone it's a roller coaster kinda rush And I never knew I could feel that much And that's the way I loved you He can't see the smile i'm faking And my heart's not breaking Cause i'm not feeling anything at all And you were wild and crazy Just so frustrating intoxicating Complicated, got away by some mistake and now I miss screaming and fighting and kissing in the rain it's 2am and i'm cursing your name i'm so in love that I acted insane And that's the way I loved you Breaking down and coming undone it's a roller coaster kinda rush And I never knew I could feel that much And that's the way I loved you oh, oh And that's the way I loved you oh, oh Never knew I could feel that much And that's the way I loved youwritten by Taylor Swift Once upon a time, I believe it was a Tuesday when I caught your eye And we caught onto something I hold onto the night, you looked me in the eye and told me you loved me Were you just kidding? 'cause it seems to me, this thing is breaking down We almost never speak I don't feel welcome anymore Baby what happened, please tell me? 'cause one second it was perfect, now you're halfway out the door And I stare at the phone, he still hasn't called And then you feel so low you cant feel nothing at all And you flashback to when he said forever and always Oh, and it rains in your bedroom Everything is wrong It rains when you're here and it rains when you're gone Cause I was there when you said forever and always Was I out of line? Did I say something way too honest, made you run and hide Like a scared little boy I looked into your eyes Thought I knew you for a minute, now i'm not so sure So here's everything coming down to nothing here's to silence that cuts me to the core Where is this going? Thought I knew for a minute, but I don't anymore And I stare at the phone, he still hasn't called And then you feel so low you cant feel nothing at all And you flashback to when he said forever and always Oh, and it rains in your bedroom Everything is wrong It rains when you're here and it rains when you're gone 'cause I was there when you said forever and always You didn't mean it baby, I don't think so Back up, baby, back up Did you forget everything Back up, baby, back up Did you forget everything 'cause it rains in your bedroom Everything is wrong It rains when you're here and it rains when you're gone 'cause I was there when you said forever and always Oh, I stare at the phone, he still hasn't called And then you feel so low you cant feel nothing at all And you flashback to when we said forever and always And it rains in your bedroom Everything is wrong It rains when you're here and it rains when you're gone 'cause I was there when you said forever and always You didn't mean it baby, you said forever and always... yeahwritten by Taylor Swift i'm five years old it's getting cold i've got my big coat on I hear your laugh And look up smiling at you I run and run Past the pumpkin patch And the tractor rides Look now -- the sky is gold I hug your legs and fall asleep On the way home I don't know why all the trees change in the fall I know you're not scared of anything at all don't know if Snow white's house is near or far away But I know I had the best day With you today i'm thirteen now And don't know how my friends Could be so mean I come home crying and you hold me tight and grab the keys And we drive and drive Until we've found a town Far enough away And we talk and window-shop Until i've forgotten all their names I don't know who i'm gonna talk to Now at school I know i'm laughing on the car ride home with you don't know how long it's gonna take to feel okay But I know I had the best day With you today I have an excellent father His strength is making me stronger God smiles on my little brother Inside and out he's better than I am I grew up in a pretty house And I had space to run And I had the best days with you There is a video I found from back when I was three You set up a paint set in the kitchen And you're talking to me it's the age of princesses and pirate ships And the seven dwarfs daddy's smart And you're the prettiest lady in the whole wide world Now I know why all the trees change in the fall I know you were on my side Even when I was wrong And I love you for giving me your eyes Staying back and watching me shine And I didn't know if you knew So i'm taking this chance to say That I had the best day With you todaywritten by Taylor Swift And it’s a sad picture, the final blow hits you Somebody else gets what you wanted again and You know it’s all the same, another time and place Repeating history and you’re getting sick of it But I believe in whatever you do And i’ll do anything to see it through Because these things will change Can you feel it now? These walls that they put up to hold us back will fall down This revolution, the time will come For us to finally win And we’ll sing hallelujah, we’ll sing hallelujah So we’ve been outnumbered Raided and now cornered it’s hard to fight when the fight ain’t fair we’re getting stronger now Find things they never found They might be bigger But we’re faster and never scared You can walk away, say we don’t need this But there’s something in your eyes Says we can beat this Because these things will change Can you feel it now? These walls that they put up to hold us back will fall down This revolution, the time will come For us to finally win And we’ll sing hallelujah, well sing hallelujah Tonight we stand, get off our knees Fight for what we’ve worked for all these years And the battle was long, it’s the fight of our lives But we’ll stand up champions tonight It was the night things changed Can you see it now? These walls that they put up to hold us back fell down it’s a revolution, throw your hands up Cause we never gave in And we sang hallelujah, we sang hallelujah hallelujahwritten by Taylor Swift Your beautiful eyes Stare right into my eyes and sometimes I think of you late at night I don't know why i want to be somewhere where you are I want to be where... [Chorus] you're here, you're eyes are looking into mine So baby, make me fly My heart has never felt this way before i'm looking through your i'm looking through your eyes I wake up, i'm alive In only a little while... i'll cry Cause you're my lullaby so baby come hold me tight cause I want to be everything you need I want to be where... [Chorus] Just as long as you're mine i'll be your everything tonight Let me love you, kiss you Oh baby let me miss you Let me see your Dream about Dream about Dream about your eyes Eyes, Eyes...Beautiful eyeswritten by Taylor Swift it's strange to think the songs we used to sing The smiles, the flowers, everything: is gone Yesterday I found out about you Even now just looking at you: feels wrong You say that you'd take it all back, given one chance It was a moment of weakness and you said yes... [Chorus] You should've said no, you should've gone home You should've thought twice before you let it all go You should've know that word, bout what you did with her Would get back to me... And I should've been there, in the back of your mind I shouldn't be asking myself why You shouldn't be begging for forgiveness at my feet... You should've said no, baby and you might still have me You can see that i've been crying And baby you know all the right things: to say But do you honestly expect me to believe We could ever be the same... You say that the past is the past, you need one chance It was a moment of weakness and you said yes... [Repeat Chorus] I can't resist... before you go, tell me this Was it worth it... Was she worth this... No... no no no... [Repeat Chorus]Written by Taylor Swift, Liz Rose Drew looks at me, I fake a smile so he won't see That I want and i'm needing everything that we should be i'll bet she's beautiful, that girl he talks about And she's got everything that I have to live without Drew talks to me, I laugh 'cause it's just so funny And I can't even see anyone when he's with me He says he's so in love, he's finally got it right, I wonder if he knows he's all I think about at night [Chorus:] he's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar The only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star he's the song in the car I keep singing, don't know why I do Drew walks by me, can he tell that I can't breathe? And there he goes, so perfectly, The kind of flawless I wish I could be She better hold him tight, give him all her love Look in those beautiful eyes and know she's lucky 'cause [Chorus] So I drive home alone, as I turn out the light i'll put his picture down and maybe Get some sleep tonight he's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar The only one who's got enough of me to break my heart he's the song in the car I keep singing, don't know why I do he's the time taken up, but there's never enough And he's all that I need to fall into. Drew looks at me, I fake a smile so he won't see.written by Taylor Swift, Liz Rose State the obvious, I didn't get my perfect fantasy I realize you love yourself more than you could ever love me So go and tell your friends that i'm obsessive and crazy that's fine you won't mind if I say By the way... [Chorus] I hate that stupid old pickup truck You never let me drive you're a redneck heartbreak who's really bad at lying So watch me strike a match On all my wasted time As far as i'm concerned you're Just another picture to burn there's no time for tears, i'm just sitting here planning my revenge there's nothing stopping me From going out with all of your best friends And if you come around saying sorry to me My daddy's gonna show you how sorry you'll be [Chorus] And if you're missing me, you'd better keep it to yourself 'cause coming back around here Would be bad for your health... 'cause I hate that stupid old pickup truck You never let me drive you're a redneck heartbreak who's really bad at lying So watch me strike a match On all my wasted time In case you haven't heard, I really really hate that... [Chorus] Burn, burn, burn, baby, burn you're just another picture to burn Baby, burn...written by Swift, Orrall, Angelo Petraglia Friday night beneath the stars, in a field behind your yard, you and I are paintin' pictures in the sky. And sometimes we don't say a thing; just listen to the crickets sing. Everything I need is right here by my side. And I know everything about you I don't wanna live without you. [Chorus] i'm only up when you're not down. don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground. it's like no matter what I do. Well you drive me crazy half the time; the other half i'm only trying to let you know that what I feel is true. And i'm only me when i'm with you. Just a small town boy and girl livin' in a crazy world. Tryin' to figure out what is and isn't true. And I don't try to hide my tears. The secrets or my deepest fears. Through it all nobody gets me like you do. And you know everything about me. You say that you can't live without me. [Chorus] When i'm with anybody else it's so hard to be myself. Only you can tell. [Chorus] That i'm only up when you're not down. don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground. it's like no matter what I do. Well you drive me crazy half the time; the other half i'm only trying to let you know that what I feel is true. And i'm only me Who I wanna be Well, i'm only me when i'm with you With you Uh huh yeahwritten by Taylor Swift Wish I had concentrated, They said love was complicated, But it's something i just fell into, And it was over-rated But just look what i've created I came out alive but i'm black and blue-ue Before you ask me if i'm alright, Think about what i, Had to do-oo, yeah Wake up and smell the break-up Fix my heart, put on my make-up Another mess i didn't plan, And i'll bet, you thought you'd beat me, Wish you could only see, i've got an i heart question mark, Written on the back of my hand. i'd be fine if you just walked by, But you had to talk about why, You were wrong and i was right, But i can't believe you made me, Sit at home and cry like a baby, Wait right by the phone every night, And now you ask about you and i, there's no you and i, Remember what you put me through, I had to, Wake up and smell the break-up, Fix my heart put on my make-up, Another mess i didn't plan, And i'll bet, you thought you'd beat me I wish you'd could only see I got an i heart question mark, Written on the back of my hand And when you're home alone at night, you'll still wonder Why you took everything i had, oh baby I had a lot about you and i, there's no you and i, And i know, Someday you will... Wake up and smell the break-up, Realize that we won't make-up It didn't go the way you planed, And you'll know you didn't beat me, When you look down and see, i've got an i heart question mark Written on the back of my hand, Written on the back of my hand An i heart question mark, yeah Written on the back of my handwritten by Taylor Swift I was riding shotgun with my hair undone in the front seat of his car he's got a one-hand feel on the steering wheel The other on my heart I look around, turn the radio down He says, "Baby is something wrong?" I say, "Nothing, I was just thinking how we don't have a song" And he says... [Chorus:] Our song is the slamming screen doors, Sneakin' out late, tapping on your window When we're on the phone and you talk real slow 'cause it's late and your mama don't know Our song is the way you laugh The first date "Man, I didn't kiss her, and I should have" And when I got home ... before I said amen Asking God if he could play it again I was walking up the front porch steps after everything that day Had gone all wrong and been trampled on And lost and thrown away Got to the hallway, well on my way to my lovin' bed I almost didn't notice all the roses And the note that said... [Chorus] i've heard every album, listened to the radio Waited for something to come along That was as good as our song... [Chorus:] 'Cause our song is the slamming screen door, Sneakin' out late, tapping on his window When we're on the phone and he talks real slow 'cause it's late and his mama don't know Our song is the way he laughs The first date "Man, I didn't kiss him, and I should have." And when I got home ... before I said amen Asking God if he could play it again I was riding shotgun with my hair undone In the front seat of his car I grabbed a pen and an old napkin And I wrote down our songwritten by Swift/Rose Drew looks at me, I fake a smile so he won't see That I want and i'm needing everything that we should be i'll bet she's beautiful, that girl he talks about And she's got everything that I have to live without Drew talks to me, I laugh 'cause it's just so funny And I can't even see anyone when he's with me He says he's so in love, he's finally got it right, I wonder if he knows he's all I think about at night [Chorus:] he's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar The only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star he's the song in the car I keep singing, don't know why I do Drew walks by me, can he tell that I can't breathe? And there he goes, so perfectly, The kind of flawless I wish I could be She better hold him tight, give him all her love Look in those beautiful eyes and know she's lucky 'cause [Chorus] So I drive home alone, as I turn out the light i'll put his picture down and maybe Get some sleep tonight he's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar The only one who's got enough of me to break my heart he's the song in the car I keep singing, don't know why I do he's the time taken up, but there's never enough And he's all that I need to fall into. Drew looks at me, I fake a smile so he won't see.written by Taylor Swift it's strange to think the songs we used to sing The smiles, the flowers, everything: is gone Yesterday I found out about you Even now just looking at you: feels wrong You say that you'd take it all back, given one chance It was a moment of weakness and you said yes... [Chorus] You should've said no, you should've gone home You should've thought twice before you let it all go You should've know that word, bout what you did with her Would get back to me... And I should've been there, in the back of your mind I shouldn't be asking myself why You shouldn't be begging for forgiveness at my feet... You should've said no, baby and you might still have me You can see that i've been crying And baby you know all the right things: to say But do you honestly expect me to believe We could ever be the same... You say that the past is the past, you need one chance It was a moment of weakness and you said yes... [Repeat Chorus] I can't resist... before you go, tell me this Was it worth it... Was she worth this... No... no no no... [Repeat Chorus]Written by Swift/Orrall/Angelo I don't know what I want, so don't ask me Cause i'm still trying to figure it out don't know what's down this road, i'm just walking Trying to see through the rain coming down Even though i'm not the only one Who feels the way I do [Chorus:] i'm alone, on my own, and that's all I know i'll be strong, i'll be wrong, oh but life goes on i'm just a girl, trying to find a place in This world Got the radio on, my old blue jeans And i'm wearing my heart on my sleeve Feeling lucky today, got the sunshine Could you tell me what more do I need And tomorrow's just a mystery, oh yeah But that's ok [Repeat Chorus] Maybe i'm just a girl on a mission But i'm ready to fly [Repeat Chorus]Written by Swift/Rose/Maher She said, I was seven and you were nine I looked at you like the stars that shined In the sky, the pretty lights And our daddies used to joke about the two of us Growing up and falling in love and our mamas smiled And rolled their eyes and said oh my my my Take me back to the house in the backyard tree Said you'd beat me up, you were bigger than me You never did, you never did Take me back when our world was one block wide I dared you to kiss me and ran when you tried Just two kids, you and i... Oh my my my my Well, I was sixteen when suddenly I wasn't that little girl you used to see But your eyes still shined like pretty lights And our daddies used to joke about the two of us They never believed we'd really fall in love And our mamas smiled and rolled their eyes And said oh my my my... Take me back to the creek beds we turned up Two a.m. riding in your truck and all I need is you next to me Take me back to the time we had our very first fight The slamming of doors instead of kissing goodnight You stayed outside till the morning light Oh my my my my a few years had gone and come around We were sitting at our favorite spot in town And you looked at me, got down on one knee Take me back to the time when we walked down the aisle Our whole town came and our mamas cried You said I do and I did too Take me home where we met so many years before we'll rock our babies on that very front porch After all this time, you and I i'll be eighty-seven; you'll be eighty-nine i'll still look at you like the stars that shine In the sky, oh my my my...written by Swift/Rose He said the way my blue eyes shined Put those Georgia stars to shame that night I said: "that's a lie." Just a boy in a Chevy truck That had a tendency of gettin' stuck On backroads at night And I was right there beside him all summer long And then the time we woke up to find that summer gone But when you think Tim mcgraw I hope you think my favorite song The one we danced to all night long The moon like a spotlight on the lake When you think happiness I hope you think that little black dress Think of my head on your chest And my old faded blue jeans When you think Tim mcgraw I hope you think of me September saw a month of tears And thankin' God that you weren't here To see me like that But in a box beneath my bed Is a letter that you never read From three summers back it's hard not to find it all a little bitter sweet And lookin' back on all of that, it's nice to believe When you think Tim mcgraw I hope you think my favorite song The one we danced to all night long The moon like a spotlight on the lake When you think happiness I hope you think that little black dress Think of my head on your chest And my old faded blue jeans When you think Tim mcgraw I hope you think of me And i'm back for the first time since then i'm standin' on your street And there's a letter left on your doorstep And the first thing that you'll read is: When you think Tim mcgraw I hope you think my favorite song Someday you'll turn your radio on I hope it takes you back to that place When you think happiness I hope you think that little black dress Think of my head on your chest And my old faded blue jeans When you think Tim mcgraw I hope you think of me Oh, think of me Mmmm He said the way my blue eyes shine Put those Georgia stars to shame that night I said: "that's a lie"written by Swift/Rose State the obvious, I didn't get my perfect fantasy I realize you love yourself more than you could ever love me So go and tell your friends that i'm obsessive and crazy that's fine you won't mind if I say By the way... [Chorus] I hate that stupid old pickup truck You never let me drive you're a redneck heartbreak who's really bad at lying So watch me strike a match On all my wasted time As far as i'm concerned you're Just another picture to burn there's no time for tears, i'm just sitting here planning my revenge there's nothing stopping me From going out with all of your best friends And if you come around saying sorry to me My daddy's gonna show you how sorry you'll be [Chorus] And if you're missing me, you'd better keep it to yourself 'cause coming back around here Would be bad for your health... 'cause I hate that stupid old pickup truck You never let me drive you're a redneck heartbreak who's really bad at lying So watch me strike a match On all my wasted time In case you haven't heard, I really really hate that... [Chorus] Burn, burn, burn, baby, burn you're just another picture to burn Baby, burn...written by Taylor Swift, Liz Rose, Nathan Chapman Please take down the misletoe Cause I don't wanna think about that right now Cause everything I want is miles away In a snow covered little town My momma's in the kitchen, worrying about me season's greetings, hope you're well Well i'm doing alright If you were wondering Lately I can never tell I know this shouldn't be a lonely time But there were Christmases when you were mine i've been doing fine without you, really Up until the nights got cold And everybody's here, except you, baby Seems like everyone's got someone to hold But for me it's just a lonely time Cause there were Christmases when you were mine Merry Christmas everybody that'll have to be something I just say this year i'll bet you got your mom another sweater And were your cousins late again When you were putting up the lights this year Did you notice one less pair of hands I know this shouldn't be a lonely time But there were Christmases when I didn't wonder how you are tonight Cause there were Christmases when you were mine You were minewritten by Taylor Swift What if ribbons and bows didn't mean a thing Would the song still survive without five golden rings Would you still wanna kiss without misletoe What would happen if God never let it snow What would happen if Christmas carols told a lie Tell me what would you find you'd see that today holds something special Something holy, not superficial So here's to the birthday boy who saved our lives it's something we all try to ignore And put a wreath up on your door So here's something you should know that is for sure Christmas must be something more What if angels did not pay attention to All the things that we wished they would always do What if happiness came in a cardboard box Then I think there is something we all forgot What would happen if presents all went away Tell me what would you find you'd see that today holds something special Something holy, not superficial So here's to the birthday boy who saved our lives it's something we all try to ignore And put a wreath up on your door So here's something you should know that is for sure Christmas must be something more We get so caught up in all of it Business and relationships Hundred mile an hour lives And it's this time of year And everybody's here It seems the last thing on your mind Is that the day holds something special Something holy, not superficial So here's to Jesus Christ who saved our lives it's something we all try to ignore And put a wreath up on your door But here's something you should know that is for sure Christmas must be something Christmas must be something Christmas must be something more there's gotta be more there's gotta be morewritten by Swift/Rose He said the way my blue eyes shined Put those Georgia stars to shame that night I said: "that's a lie." Just a boy in a Chevy truck That had a tendency of gettin' stuck On backroads at night And I was right there beside him all summer long And then the time we woke up to find that summer gone But when you think Tim mcgraw I hope you think my favorite song The one we danced to all night long The moon like a spotlight on the lake When you think happiness I hope you think that little black dress Think of my head on your chest And my old faded blue jeans When you think Tim mcgraw I hope you think of me September saw a month of tears And thankin' God that you weren't here To see me like that But in a box beneath my bed Is a letter that you never read From three summers back it's hard not to find it all a little bitter sweet And lookin' back on all of that, it's nice to believe When you think Tim mcgraw I hope you think my favorite song The one we danced to all night long The moon like a spotlight on the lake When you think happiness I hope you think that little black dress Think of my head on your chest And my old faded blue jeans When you think Tim mcgraw I hope you think of me And i'm back for the first time since then i'm standin' on your street And there's a letter left on your doorstep And the first thing that you'll read is: When you think Tim mcgraw I hope you think my favorite song Someday you'll turn your radio on I hope it takes you back to that place When you think happiness I hope you think that little black dress Think of my head on your chest And my old faded blue jeans When you think Tim mcgraw I hope you think of me Oh, think of me Mmmm He said the way my blue eyes shine Put those Georgia stars to shame that night I said: "that's a lie"written by Swift/Rose State the obvious, I didn't get my perfect fantasy I realize you love yourself more than you could ever love me So go and tell your friends that i'm obsessive and crazy By the way... [Chorus:] I hate that stupid old pickup truck You never let me drive you're a redneck heartbreak who's really bad at lying So watch me strike a match On all my wasted time As far as i'm concerned you're Just another picture to burn there's no time for tears, i'm just sitting here planning my revenge there's nothing stopping me From going out with all of your best friends And if you come around saying sorry to me My daddy's gonna show you how sorry you'll be [Chorus] And if you're missing me, you'd better keep it to yourself 'cause coming back around here Would be bad for your health... 'cause I hate that stupid old pickup truck You never let me drive you're a redneck heartbreak who's really bad at lying So watch me strike a match On all my wasted time In case you haven't heard, I really really hate that... [Chorus] Burn, burn, burn, baby, burn you're just another picture to burn Baby, burn...written by Swift/Rose Drew looks at me, I fake a smile so he won't see That I want and i'm needing everything that we should be i'll bet she's beautiful, that girl he talks about And she's got everything that I have to live without Drew talks to me, I laugh 'cause it's just so funny And I can't even see anyone when he's with me He says he's so in love, he's finally got it right, I wonder if he knows he's all I think about at night [Chorus:] he's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar The only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star he's the song in the car I keep singing, don't know why I do Drew walks by me, can he tell that I can't breathe? And there he goes, so perfectly, The kind of flawless I wish I could be She better hold him tight, give him all her love Look in those beautiful eyes and know she's lucky 'cause [Chorus] So I drive home alone, as I turn out the light i'll put his picture down and maybe Get some sleep tonight he's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar The only one who's got enough of me to break my heart he's the song in the car I keep singing, don't know why I do he's the time taken up, but there's never enough And he's all that I need to fall into. Drew looks at me, I fake a smile so he won't see.written by Swift/Orrall/Angelo I don't know what I want, so don't ask me Cause i'm still trying to figure it out don't know what's down this road, i'm just walking Trying to see through the rain coming down Even though i'm not the only one Who feels the way I do [Chorus:] i'm alone, on my own, and that's all I know i'll be strong, i'll be wrong, oh but life goes on i'm just a girl, trying to find a place in This world Got the radio on, my old blue jeans And i'm wearing my heart on my sleeve Feeling lucky today, got the sunshine Could you tell me what more do I need And tomorrow's just a mystery, oh yeah But that's ok [Repeat Chorus] Maybe i'm just a girl on a mission But i'm ready to fly [Repeat Chorus]Written by Swift/Rose You have a way of coming easily to me And when you take, you take the very best of me So I start a fight cause I need to feel something And you do what you want cause i'm not what you wanted [Chorus:] Oh what a shame, what a rainy ending given to a perfect day Just walk away, no use defending words that you will never say And now that i'm sitting here thinking it through i've never been anywhere cold as you You put up walls and paint them all a shade of gray And I stood there loving you and wished them all away And you come away with a great little story Of a mess of a dreamer with the nerve to adore you [Repeat Chorus] You never did give a damn thing honey but I cried, cried for you And I know you wouldn't have told nobody if I died, died for you (Died for you) Oh what a shame, what a rainy ending given to a perfect day Every smile you fake is so condescending Counting all the scars you made And now that i'm sitting here thinking it through i've never been anywhere cold as youwritten by Taylor Swift I didn't know what I would find When I went looking for a reason, I know I didn't read between the lines And, baby, i've got nowhere to go I tried to take the road less traveled by But nothing seems to work the first few times Am I right? [Chorus:] So how can I ever try to be better? Nobody ever lets me in I can still see you, this ain't the best view On the outside looking in i've been a lot of lonely places i've never been on the outside You saw me there, but never knew I would give it all up to be a part of this, a part of you And now it's all too late so you see You could've helped if you had wanted to But no one notices until it's too Late to do anything [Repeat Chorus] So how can I ever try to be better? Nobody ever lets me in I can still see you, this ain't the best view On the outside looking in i've been a lot of lonely places i've never been on the outsidewritten by Swift/Rose Seems the only one who doesn't see your beauty Is the face in the mirror looking back at you You walk around here thinking you're not pretty But that's not true, cause I know you... [Chorus:] Hold on, baby, you're losing it The water's high, you're jumping into it And letting go... and no one knows That you cry, but you don't tell anyone That you might not be the golden one And you're tied together with a smile But you're coming undone I guess it's true that love was all you wanted Cause you're giving it away like it's extra change Hoping it will end up in his pocket But he leaves you out like a penny in the rain Oh, cause it's not his price to pay Not his price to pay... [Chorus x2] you're tied together with a smile But you're coming undone... oh Goodbye, baby With a smile, baby, babywritten by Swift/Rose cory's eyes are like a jungle He smiles, it's like the radio He whispers songs into my window In words nobody knows there's pretty girls on every corner That watch him as he's walking home Saying, does he know Will you ever know [Chorus:] you're beautiful Every little piece love, don't you know you're really gonna be someone, ask anyone When you find everything you looked for I hope your life leads you back to my door Oh but if it don't, stay beautiful Cory finds another way to be The highlight of my day i'm taking pictures in my mind So I can save them for a rainy day it's hard to make conversation When he's taking my breath away I should say, hey by the way [Chorus] If you and I are a story That never gets told If what you are is a daydream i'll never get to hold, at least you'll know you're beautiful every little piece love, and don't you know your really gonna be someone ask anyone. and when you find everything you looked for, I hope your life leads you back to my front door. oh but if it don't will you stay beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful la la la Oh, oh oh oh, oh but if it don't, stay beautiful stay beautiful Na na na na nawritten by Taylor Swift it's strange to think the songs we used to sing The smiles, the flowers, everything: is gone Yesterday I found out about you Even now just looking at you: feels wrong You say that you'd take it all back, given one chance It was a moment of weakness and you said yes... [Chorus:] You should've said no, you should've gone home You should've thought twice before you let it all go You should've know that word, bout what you did with her Would get back to me... And I should've been there, in the back of your mind I shouldn't be asking myself why You shouldn't be begging for forgiveness at my feet... You should've said no, baby and you might still have me You can see that i've been crying And baby you know all the right things: to say But do you honestly expect me to believe We could ever be the same... You say that the past is the past, you need one chance It was a moment of weakness and you said yes... [Repeat Chorus] I can't resist... before you go, tell me this Was it worth it... Was she worth this... No... no no no... [Repeat Chorus]Written by Swift/Rose/Maher She said, I was seven and you were nine I looked at you like the stars that shined In the sky, the pretty lights And our daddies used to joke about the two of us Growing up and falling in love and our mamas smiled And rolled their eyes and said oh my my my Take me back to the house in the backyard tree Said you'd beat me up, you were bigger than me You never did, you never did Take me back when our world was one block wide I dared you to kiss me and ran when you tried Just two kids, you and i... Oh my my my my Well, I was sixteen when suddenly I wasn't that little girl you used to see But your eyes still shined like pretty lights And our daddies used to joke about the two of us They never believed we'd really fall in love And our mamas smiled and rolled their eyes And said oh my my my... Take me back to the creek beds we turned up Two a.m. riding in your truck and all I need is you next to me Take me back to the time we had our very first fight The slamming of doors instead of kissing goodnight You stayed outside till the morning light Oh my my my my a few years had gone and come around We were sitting at our favorite spot in town And you looked at me, got down on one knee Take me back to the time when we walked down the aisle Our whole town came and our mamas cried You said I do and I did too Take me home where we met so many years before we'll rock our babies on that very front porch After all this time, you and I i'll be eighty-seven; you'll be eighty-nine i'll still look at you like the stars that shine In the sky, oh my my my...written by Taylor Swift I was riding shotgun with my hair undone in the front seat of his car he's got a one-hand feel on the steering wheel The other on my heart I look around, turn the radio down He says, "Baby is something wrong?" I say, "Nothing, I was just thinking how we don't have a song" And he says... [Chorus:] Our song is the slamming screen doors, Sneakin' out late, tapping on your window When we're on the phone and you talk real slow 'cause it's late and your mama don't know Our song is the way you laugh The first date "Man, I didn't kiss her, and I should have" And when I got home ... before I said amen Asking God if he could play it again I was walking up the front porch steps after everything that day Had gone all wrong and been trampled on And lost and thrown away Got to the hallway, well on my way to my lovin' bed I almost didn't notice all the roses And the note that said... [Chorus] i've heard every album, listened to the radio Waited for something to come along That was as good as our song... [Chorus:] 'Cause our song is the slamming screen door, Sneakin' out late, tapping on his window When we're on the phone and he talks real slow 'cause it's late and his mama don't know Our song is the way he laughs The first date "Man, I didn't kiss him, and I should have." And when I got home ... before I said amen Asking God if he could play it again I was riding shotgun with my hair undone In the front seat of his car I grabbed a pen and an old napkin And I wrote down our songwritten by Swift/Orrall/Angelo Friday night beneath the stars, in a field behind your yard, you and I are paintin' pictures in the sky. And sometimes we don't say a thing; just listen to the crickets sing. Everything I need is right here by my side. And I know everything about you I don't wanna live without you. [Chorus:] i'm only up when you're not down. don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground. it's like no matter what I do. Well you drive me crazy half the time; the other half i'm only trying to let you know that what I feel is true. And i'm only me when i'm with you. Just a small town boy and girl livin' in a crazy world. Tryin' to figure out what is and isn't true. And I don't try to hide my tears. The secrets or my deepest fears. Through it all nobody gets me like you do. And you know everything about me. You say that you can't live without me. [Chorus] When i'm with anybody else it's so hard to be myself. Only you can tell. [Chorus:] That i'm only up when you're not down. don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground. it's like no matter what I do. Well you drive me crazy half the time; the other half i'm only trying to let you know that what I feel is true. And i'm only me Who I wanna be Well, i'm only me when i'm with you With you Uh huh yeahwritten by Swift/Orrall She can’t see the way your eyes Light up when you smile she’ll never notice how you stop and stare whenever she walks by And you can’t see me wantin' you the way you want her But you are everything to me [Chorus:] I just wanna show you She don’t even know you she's never gonna love you like I want to And you just see right through me If you only knew me We could be a beautiful Miracle, Unbelievable Instead of just invisible. there’s a fire inside of you That can’t help but shine through she’s never gonna see the light no matter what you do And all I think about is how to make you think of me And everything that we could be [Chorus] Like shadows in a faded light Oh, we’re invisible I just wanna open your eyes And make you realize I just wanna show you She don’t even know you Baby, let me love you Let me want you You just see right through me But if you only knew me We could be a beautiful Miracle, Unbelievable Instead of just invisible She can’t see the way your eyes light up when you smilewritten by Swift/James/Verges Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart? Why would you wanna take our love and tear it all apart,now? Why would you wanna make the very first scar? Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart? Maybe I should've seen the signs, should've read the writing on the wall. And realized by the distance in your eyes that I would be the one to fall. No matter what you say, I still can't believe That you would walk away. It don't make sense to me, but: [Repeat Chorus 1] Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart? Why would you wanna take our love and tear it all apart, now? Why would you wanna make the very first scar? Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart? it's not unbroken anymore. How do I get it back the way it was before? [Chorus 2] Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart? Why would you wanna take our love and tear it all apart,now? Why would you wanna make the very first scar? Why would you wanna break, would you wanna break a: [Repeat Chorus 1] Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart? Why would you wanna take our love and tear it all apart, now? Why would you wanna make the very first scar? Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart? 